Xrays are clear, but lungs still affectedI’ve posted here before, but to recap, I had symptoms is early August, doctor diagnosed, and symptoms haven’t gone away. I just want some relief at this point.

My lungs have been feeling worse and worse. My doctor seems to have no clue what to do and just keeps throwing inhalers and steroids at me. I’ve been on two rounds of antibiotics and five rounds of prednisone to no avail. Albuterol barely helps, prednisone only works a bit while I’m on it, allergy meds like loratadine help a bit temporarily.

I wake up in the middle of the night with shortness of breath (can’t breathe in all the way, tightness, back pain), chest pain and a semi-wet cough still (feels like lodged mucus that my lung is too weak to move).

I just want this to end. I’m so frustrated. Weird Tingling feeling in the chestHi everyone, my (20,m) symptoms have mostly been mild but here's a quick summary:

Day - 1 small fever, sore throat, runny nose

Day - 2 Runny nose, sore throat, headache

Day - 3 Runny nose

Day - 4 Small throat cough (few times a day only)

Day - 5 tingling feeling in my upper chest, few coughs a day. 

I understand that the coughs are common symptoms but i was wondering if anyone else has had this similar tingling sensation. thanks Should I request a covid test with these symptoms?[removed] Diagnosed positive in April/SOB still here/check-ups clearHello. I have been diagnosed with the virus in April by the doctor (no test).

My symptoms started mid March : dry cough that have lasted for one month/shortness of breath and fatigue.

7 months later I still experience SOB and fatigue. I did a chest x-ray and everything was normal. The doctor has examined me and she didn't find anything, my breathing was normal. 

But I still struggle to breathe and it's really hard at work (I have to talk a lot as I'm a coach and it makes me so breathless and tired). The doctor wrote a note for my employer to re arrange my hours at work because I struggle.

I even get breathless during short walk (10 min walk and out of breath)

My boss doesn't think that he can do anything for my hours even though he will have a look. He told me about my gas safety certificate in my house, that my SOB could probably come from there... But I don't believe that. I have checked the certificate and it's all clear.

I told him about the long covid and he doesn't think that I had the virus otherwise there would be some "proof" in my chest x-ray/exam etc... I still need to do a blood test and probably other checks up.

Anyway. Any people that had the virus with persisting symptoms for months and the check up were all normal?

(I did test for asthma few months ago and negative. Back in April/May I was struggling to breathe even when I was resting and doing nothing and I was doing afternoon nap everyday because I was so tired...) Anyone else experience something like this? Suspected covid, 1 pos test.Almost 3 weeks ago my daughter (6) tested positive for Covid after getting a runny nose and being sent home from school.

My wife got pretty sick and so did my 1 year old son but they both seem to have recovered.

During this time, my wife tested negative twice, I tested negative twice, and my kids both tested negative once each (daughter was about a week apart from her first test and she was symptom free)

Meanwhile, I was basically fine. I had an on/off 99.3-99.8 low grade fever and some chest tightness.

Two days ago I was feeling like a million bucks. Chest was normal again. Feeling good. Fever seemed gone.

I was feeling so good that I thought I should go get a Covid antibody test (I know I was a bit early) so I even went and did that yesterday morning. Results are not in yet.

Then last night around 10pm I got smacked with a sock full of bricks.

\- Fever came back spiking to 99.8  
\- Runny nose started  
\- Chest started to feel "rattly" like there was congestion in my lungs  
\- Productive cough kicked off with light-yellow phlegm  
\- And general fatigue. I went to bed before 10 yesterday and crashed instantly. Usually, I'm a 3AM night owl every night.  


Today, the symtoms have continued and gotten a bit worse. Fever has been pretty consistent all day, usually coming in at 99.3-99.5 but with some spikes above. Cough has been relentless, as have some chills. I'm sitting here in 2 sweat shirts and sweat pants and socks in a room temperature room and i feel kinda cold.   


Honestly, it all feels really familiar to past colds/flues I've had...except the transient fever which is something I cannot recall ever experiencing before. 

I told my doctor about all of this and he prescribed antibiotics which seemed weird since he has repeatedly said he thinks we have Covid, tests be damned. 

Anyone else been through something like this? Why do they give antibiotics for suspected covid? Seems strange to me. All of it. Cristiano Ronaldo tested positive to COVID[removed] S/O positive, I'm negative but have symptoms?Last time I saw him was Oct 5, we were going to take a few days apart because he has a work deadline. He got sick the day before I left, and was super sick all week. He called me on the 10th and said he was positive. I got tested that afternoon; I had a terrible headache in my eye forehead and right side of nose that I couldn't focus on anything and excedrin didn't help at all. The headache lasted until Friday, when I started getting a sore throat, earache, low fever (first time I checked), some random chest pain, gastrointestinal issues, body aches, sleeping until noon but taking naps during the day, can't go get the mail without being out of breath for ten minutes like I ran a mile. Burning eyes, scratchy throat. 

My test came back negative today, but speaking on the phone for awhile they said I should get retested, however the likelyhood of me getting a positive result is low because I got tested almost a week after exposure. They told me with my symptoms I'm presumed positive and to treat it as such, and if I have worse chest issues or problems breathing to go to the doctor. 

My question is, why are so many people getting negative results when they're positive? If I don't have it I just have a cold at the same time he has it, with chest pain and other symptoms. But I've known people go to the hospital and still test negative, or test negative 4 times before being positive. 

I was told the window is 3-5 days after exposure, but symptoms could take up to two weeks to appear. It's just all so confusing. False negative-no taste or smellI’ve been quarantining and social distancing since March up until last weekend because I was in a wedding in a different state. Since then, guests have tested positive for covid. When I got back, two days later I had a fever, chills, fatigued, sore muscles, and dry cough. I got tested last Monday and the results came back negative. Yesterday I woke up with a nasty cold. I did a nasal rinse 3 times throughout the day. Had dayquil &amp; NyQuil. By the afternoon, taste and smell were gone and still are. How long does no taste and smell last? Anyone else testing positive for Strep and COVID?28, F

It's in the title, but the doctor is positive I have both. I've never had Strep. She said it's relatively rare for someone my age with no kids to get Strep so she thinks I've had asymptomatic COVID and that's why I picked up strep because my immune system was already stressed. The Strep seems to have cleared up very quickly my throat isn't sore at all anymore, and I'm only about 48 hours in to when it started hurting. 

I'm impossibly tired though. I knew something was still wrong outside of strep when I was almost falling asleep in the middle of doing things, and I take Vyvanse for ADHD which has a side effect of making you not tired. 

I'm supposed to have results Thursday. :) 

I sure hope I'm not in for the wild ride some of y'all have been through.

Also want to point out that had I not gotten strep, I wouldn't have thought I had COVID. I've just had a lot of sinus issues (but I have allergies anyways). No fever. No cough. My tongue felt kind of like I burned it and tasting things is off but not gone. I've never had a great sense of smell because of my allergies. Occasional chest pain somebody?(29M here) About 45 days ago I was tested twice, both with negative results. But I presented loss of smell/taste senses, breathing complications (almost required oxygen assistance), severe fatigue and body aches, and horrible headaches for almost 10 days straight. I was treated by medics, and stayed home in quarentine for almost 4 weeks.

After 35 days I recovered from loss of taste and smell, I just feel dairies and sweets kind of different, but I'm not sure if it is psychological at this point.

But I still have occasional chest pain. Like I'm doing something and out of nowhere I feel a stitch on my chest, in the center. The pain is enough to stop me for 2-3 seconds, while I recover. It happens less frequently than before, but it concerns me a little. Definitely that is not psychological.

I have an appointment tomorrow morning to check this. But I would like to know if this happens or happened to someone else. What happened to you? Stomach problems from COVID? Here's how I (mostly) cured mineHere's how I got my stomach back to (nearly) normal. It took 6+ months of trial and error but I think if done right away, you might have more faster results. I hope this does help someone out there because what I went through really sucked. 

I got COVID back in June. I had two negative results but I'd taken them after the fever was gone and all my symptoms were like COVID, so I'm assuming it's what I got. No doctor could explain why else I got all my symptoms. After the initial infection, I couldn't eat anything without feeling sick with nausea, having acid reflux, constant burping, and trouble breathing (from the gas build up). I've never had any stomach problems before this and had quite a strong stomach.

My doctor put me on PPIs and they barely did anything. I cycled through different brands, tests, and doctors with no relief. Eventually, my GP said that I *did* have an infection in my gut but everything else was healthy and I just needed to fight off the remaining bacterial infection. I was basically on my own at this point.

**Here's what I did:**

* **Cut your diet entirely to bland foods.** No caffeine, no sodas, no sweets. Check acid reflux diets and test what foods work for you. If you get any reaction, don't eat it. You need to keep an *extremely* basic diet so you can eliminate what's making you sick. This takes a lot of will-power and honestly made me a bit depressed because I love food but it's worth doing. 
* **Take probiotics! Do it!** Enzymes too. (Enzymes made me have constant upset stomach so I stopped taking them but test them out and see.) Probiotics is what gave me the first bit of relief and I will be taking them even when I'm 100% better. They're amazing and if you look into gut health, it'll honestly help you in mental health too. 
* **Eat probiotic foods!** Look up which foods they are. Pineapple gave me the most help. I got better amazingly fast with pineapple once I ate it often. I didn't figure this out until a month ago but the relief I've gotten is surprising.
* **Don't eat processed food!** Don't do it. There's too many ingredients and you won't know which are bothering you. You're going to have to cook most of your meals but trust me, it's better than being sick.
* **Introduce foods back in slowly.** Do this after a few weeks of a bland diet. Add a new food everyday. If you get no reaction, you're probably fine. Add it back into your diet. If you get a reaction, wait a few weeks and try again. Keep doing this until your diet is back to normal. It's a lot of trial-and-error but this is what worked for me.

Lastly, everyone is different. Your stomach won't be like mine but I do help that this helps you somewhat. No doctor could do anything for me and it was frustrating. I was sick, loosing 20+ pounds and no one could help me. I'm almost back to normal now. I haven't eaten steak yet (which made me absolutely sick months ago) or a few other foods, but my diet is basically back to normal. I can eat at restaurants and processed food. I can drink caffeine. 

If you have any questions, ask away! I made this post because I wished I'd had this help when I was sick. I got so depressed and frustrated and I'd hate for anything to go through the same. GI issues still present after about 3 weeksI know everyone has a different stomach but it's been more than 24 days for me and most of my other symptoms are gone aside from the diarrhea and food being unappealing. It seems to happen more at night (from about maybe 12-8am) just curious if anyone else is going through this Sense of smell weakened. Taste? Not so muchSuddenly I had a hard time tasting things. It was odd. That lasted less than a day and all the sudden everything tastes amazing. 10x better than it did before. My mouth never “waters” but everything I eat is mouth watering good. I don’t get it. My (21M) mild experience with COVID-19Figured up I'd write up my experience with COVID-19. I was exposed on Aug. 28. On this night, I was at a small gathering (around 10-15 people). The next day, I learned that someone who was there was feeling sick. I shook this person's hand and talked to them for less than a minute total. They later tested positive for COVID-19. 

My friends and I, probably around 10 people total, got tested on Monday: 3 days after exposure. In hindsight, this was too soon. 

It took until Friday to receive test results from the university, and all but one of us tested negative. From Monday to Friday I was quarantining at my friends' apartment. On Friday, I went home to my family. I quarantined in a spare bedroom, and food was brought up to me. I did not leave the room without a mask, including to use the shared bathroom and to shower. I did not infect anyone, out of my father, mother, and brother.

**Symptoms diary (as best as I can recount)**:

**Days 1 &amp; 2 (5 &amp; 6 days after exposure):** weird feeling in my throat, joked that I might have COVID

**Day 3**: sore throat, fatigue, congestion, low-grade fever

**Day 4**: sore throat, fatigue, congestion. I tried to smell my deodorant, and my sense of smell was diminished significantly.

**Day 5**: complete loss of taste/smell. Symptoms same severity as Fri &amp; Sat.

**Day 6**: feeling a bit better

**Day 7**: symptoms improving

**Day 8**: symptoms improving

**Day 9**: feeling alright

**Day 10**: coughing, a little difficult to breathe

The next few days were the same as day 10. 

I took Tylenol two or three times to reduce my symptoms, but that was it. Apart from that, I made sure to drink a lot of water, eat as much as I could, and avoid physically exerting myself. I also slept for around 12 hours a day.

My friend who tested positive developed mild symptoms, along with his two roommates (both 21M). The rest who were there had no symptoms, so were either asymptomatic or didn't contract it.

Now, I feel fine, but it feels like my lung capacity isn't what it was pre-COVID. I was already having breathing problems after an illness in late-January, so I'm not sure what's up. I'm trying to improve it through cardio. I'm healthy and somewhat active, drink, don't smoke cigarettes, smoke weed a few times a month.

If you have any questions feel free to comment. Just figured I'd share my experience in case it could help someone out. DO I HAVE COVID? (Day 4 of being sick)So i woke up thursday with a itchy throat so i thought i just needed water and it didnt go away. I usally have something like that happen to me for a day or two due to my sinuses because i get sinus infections alot. Then friday it hurt more than usual so i went to the walk in clinic and the doctor said he thinks its a upper respiratory infection but today the throat went away and now i have a huge sinus pressure headache and an congested. I dont have a fever, i can taste stuff and smell, but i do have a slight cough am congested and i feel fatigued. Should i be worried? Im on amoxicillin as of rn and am still going to be tested today Do your muscles feel like they're burning?I keep seeing muscle pain and ache online. Perhaps it's a semantics thing but the proper word for it is burning or on fire. Suppose I'm sitting. When I stand up for around 10 seconds I feel this extreme burning sensation in my knees and thighs. Same thing when I go from standing to sitting again. It also happens in my arms.


Luckily my chest seems unaffected. My body after COVID\*TRIGGER WARNING\*

This is my story.

Back in August wildfires lit up the west coast. I awoke at 1:32 am wheezing and gasping for air. I discovered in the hours to come that the smoke had descended upon Seattle.

After days of wheezing the tele-doc told me to take allergy meds and provided an inhaler.

In the following weeks, I survived on the inhaler and my voice was occasionally raspy and occasionally gone.

One morning I woke up and collapsed. I spent the following days curled up on my apartment floor writhing in pain and vomiting. It felt like all of my organs were having muscle spasms. I had stabbing pain in my stomach. When I tried to lie down it felt like an elephant on my chest. My body is covered in bruises (if I touch my arm it will bruise.) I sleep 2-3 hours a night. Another wonderful side effect is memory loss.

When I started choking and vomiting at the same time for an hour at a time I knew I needed to get into a doctor.

When I went into urgent care the physician took my entire story over the past weeks and got very quiet. She was typing furiously and looking at me then told me she was conferring with all the specialists.

Fast forward after so many tests and few answers and my health was getting worse by the day.

I now have been told, I have "long COVID." Meaning I had COVID awhile ago and now my body is experiencing the after-effects. I am not contagious and the virus is not "active" but for 5-10% of people who get COVID, you get this.

This could last months, years, forever, or go away tomorrow. I'm just angry.Ok, so this week my brother tested positive and me and mom are already having symptoms, so it's 99% sure we also have Covid. I don't know, i just feel kind of mad of how unlucky i am. When the pandemic started my family went in quarentine pretty early for where i live, when still didn't have no confirmed cases in my city we were already quarentining. Yes, i admit we kind of hoarded, but we had three of us, including me, considered in the risk category, my parents are elderly: my mom who has mutiple diseases ever since she was little and it just get's worse, my father who had avc and is also a paranoid schizophrenic and is unable to understand what is going on, me who is pre-diabetic and is also struggle with a anxiety disorder and my brother who is the money maker and the reason we're all alive since we're a mess working as a emergency doctor, so yes, quarentine had been hard, no it's a nightmare, but we've been trying. It's been 8 months and unless it was brother who had to work, we never left home unless it was necessary (like when i had to solve paperwork for college and the stupid people didn't accept it online), we washed everything with bleach: his clothes, plates, food. My mom is a chef and her obsession has always been clean food, she even worked for the government for a while  teaching people on to clean their foods and all, so let me tell you everything was cleaned to a brink. But then some lady went to the ER with Covid and decided it was a good a idea not warn anybody, not to wear a mask and cough straight in my brother face, while the hospital regulation said the doctors are not allowed to wear the specials Covid masks unless there was some actual chance the patient has Covid because there off the lack of material and the war tactics on stealing shit, so my brother is sick and so is all of us and idk i just feel so angry and so sad and damn unlucky, i did nothing wrong but my mom might die because she's not healthy enough to face this. I feel angry, like the overall messege is if you stay at home you're safe, if you wear your mask you safe, if you this or that you're safe, but that's not true, the true is that if you're lucky, if you're privileged you're safe. I'm sorry if anybody feels harmed by this post or anything i said, i have a tendency to be a kind of idk to much when i'm upset and i'm just really really upset, because i'm scared i will lose my family and they're everything i have, if i die, it's not ok, but still not the same fear as losing them. am i positive?it says reference range: negative, outside range: positive

then it is flagged abnormal?

do i have coronavirus? Weird experience whole family - mixed test results - was it covid?Two weeks ago kid 1gets a runny nose
Next day mom gets runny nose and kid is sent home from school
School demands covid test so we take kid to get one
While waiting for test to come back, kiddo gets worse then better in about 3 days
Wife gets much worse. She develops a wet crackling cough, has major SOB, even when sitting and talking, fatigue, headaches, but no fevers 
Other kiddo 2, a baby, has a runny nose for two days and then fine
Kiddo 1 test comes back positive 4 days later 
Wife still sick now on antibiotics to prevent pneumonia 
It takes her a week from there to get better and still seems a bit out of it 
Meanwhile I have almost no symptoms. Slight runny nose that allergy meds knock out, slight dry cough for a few days (note, I vape and normally cough a bit), a week of tight chest similar to how others hVe described here, and one day with a transient low grade fever.  Nothing else. 
Oh and wife lost sense of taste for like 4 days. Says it’s coming back now. She was congested though and this could have been part of it. 
Wife and I tested negative twice. Neither of us tested positive 
Kiddo 1 tested positive once and a week later negative
Kiddo 2 tested negative once with 1s retest
And... I have no idea. 5 false negatives or 1 false positive, what’s more likely? Or was it covid and test samples taken at wrong times? It sure sounds like covid to me. What do you all think? Diabetes, Lupus, smoking, weightI’ve been following this sub pretty much since the beginning.  I’ve had many friends and family members impacted by this virus, now it looks as if I and my immediate family have contracted it somehow.  Still not sure how as none of us have left the house for at least three months.  Instacart and Amazon all the way.

I’m 43, overweight, diabetic with several autoimmune issues including Lupus, history of DVT and heart disease with asthma, though it’s been years since I’ve had lung issues.  My husband is 42, overweight, and a smoker.  My daughter is 12, normal weight and otherwise healthy.

My daughter was the first to show symptoms.  Her temp has been swinging between 99 and 101 with a mildly irritated throat and a runny nose.  She seems to be on day 4.  My husband and I are on day 2.  Our temps are pretty steadily in the 99-100 range.  I’m having slight chills, headache, very mild congestion and throat irritation, pulse ox at 98.  My blood sugar has been running very high.

My husband is a smoker who tends to minimize his illness.  He claims he has no symptoms at all beyond the low fever and any throat congestion is because of smoking.  His pulse ox is normally around 95 but for the past few hours it’s dipped to 91-92.  I’m very worried.

For anyone else out there in this situation, what was the progression of your symptoms?  How bad did they get?  At what point did recovery begin?  Any advice would be appreciated. Advice on Husband &amp; Need Some ComforfHey y’all! On Wednesday night I realized my throat was sore. Thursday morning I still had a sore throat, developed a dry cough, nausea, loose stool, &amp; a headache that felt more like pressure than anything. I started calling around for wherever I could get in for testing the quickest. 

By Friday my cough was worse, I felt chest pain while coughing, and all other symptoms were about the same. I finally got a referral for the respiratory urgent care &amp; got a COVID test. Tested negative for strep and flu. The doctor I spoke with said that I should assume I have it and isolate, etc. She also said she “wouldn’t be surprised” if I came back positive for COVID based on my symptoms. She prescribed medication to help ease the cough, prescription ibuprofen to help with the swelling in my throat, and something to help with the nausea. 

This evening I started having pretty severe (but short-lived) abdominal pains. Worse than my menstrual cramps with endometriosis have ever felt. After the abdominal pains I had really rough diarrhea. The rest of my symptoms have stayed the same. 

Questions:

1. Has anyone had symptoms similar to mine? I’m terrified of having Covid. I’m specifically curious about the severity of symptoms/length of time sick with similar symptoms to mine at the three-ish day mark. 

2. Should my husband be isolating from me? We don’t have family or friends he can stay with in our area. He has no symptoms and feels completely fine. We haven’t been kissing but we have been hugging and just hanging out in our apartment together. We decided today that he should sleep on the couch to distance a bit. For people who have tested positive, how did you handle it with your spouse? 

3. This is just a complaint: this has been such a hard year and we have been so careful. We have no idea where I could have gotten this from. I had vacation planned starting Tuesday of this week - I took a full week of vacation to spend time with my parents and grandparents out of state. AND THIS IS THE WEEK I GET SICK. I’m just devastated, I haven’t spent time with them in months and now I can’t go since I definitely don’t want to risk their health just to see them. I’m just heartbroken and I’m scared about possibly being COVID+. 

Thanks for reading and for being a great sub. I’ve been searching through the sub for specific symptoms and for advice, etc and it really is so helpful. Thanks y’all. I’m pretty certain I have covid, my anxiety is breaking through the roofi’ve never lived away from my family before but it’s been 3 months since i been in LA and now i’m pretty certain i have covid. it’s been 3 days since i had any symptoms, first day was a massive headache. second day i lost my smell and taste senses, day 3 i lost my smell and taste even worse i can’t even tell what i’m eating. I also am very low on energy &amp; my anxiety is making all of this worse.. I don’t know what to do i’m freaking out does anyone have any advice? i can’t even get up to get anything for myself and my roomates are too scared to come near me. what do i do? i’m freaking out Medical research FYI: Herpes zoster as an indicator for covid-19[removed] Anyone else have mini relapses and/or how do you live your life if you keep having symptoms?The TL;DR is the title. Background below

I'm not sure what else to call them - on several occasions since I was sick (presumed positive at the same time my spouse actually tested positive) in March, I've had a periodic return of minor symptoms - a little shortness of breath here, a minor cough there, a touch of a sore throat - but nothing that feels as bad as March. They always seemed to be associated with my ongoing heart palpitations, so I assumed they were all related but now the palpitations have mostly resolved and the SOB etc have continued occasionally. It got bad enough (SOB, minor cough, and a tiny increase in temperature but still nothing that meets clinical definition of fever) that I reached out to my doctor in July, who said to monitor it and she'd send me for testing if I wanted. The returning symptoms happened as early as May and June, when I was probably safe to not spread the virus to others, but now that there are reports of reinfections, I'm concerned that I might mistake an actual reinfection for long haul/relapse and put others in danger. I'm not sure what to answer when I have to go to doctor and they ask if I have any symptoms (yes, I do, but I've had them off and on since March so do I ethically say yes or no?). When I'm not having "relapses" I'm feeling fine enough to run, bike, and do strength training, and the only thing keeping me from doing these during symptoms is wanting to stay away from people in case I am actually having a contagious relapse. With no known exposures, it seems excessive to go running to get tested when this happens once or twice a month, and then I'd spend half my life in quarantine waiting for test results because the fast results aren't as reliable. 

So I'm curious first if anyone else recovered and was cleared to return to your normal life, mostly feels fine and healthy but sometimes feels a return of symptoms, and secondly your take on the ethics of living your normal life under these circumstances. Rough night.It's been just over a month since I started having symptoms. I've been to hospital twice with chest pains and shortness of breath, palpitations etc. Both times they sent me home and told me to take paracetamol and ibuprofen. (Which does nothing)

Tonight is the worst I've been in a couple of weeks. With all the same symptoms but I don't want to go sit in A&amp;E for 4 hours just to get sent home again. Anyone have any advice on how to ride it out? Did anyone have similar symptoms?Hi all, just got tested today (unsure fully if I have it)

But had a mild sore throat, tightness in chest but no cough or fever at all as of now. The discomfort in my chest is annoying but I was curious if anyone else has had symptoms similar to mine. Right now it's mostly chest discomfort and post nasal drip and some diahria. Can anyone help me read my bloodwork results correct. Possible EBV positive results but not sure.[removed] Advice needed on what I should doI’m not sure if this is the best place to post this but I have no clue what to do right now.

One of my flatmates was tested positive for Covid-19 on Wednesday, although he’s asymptomatic. On Thursday, I started to get a sore throat so I instantly continued self-isolating in my room instead and started taking medication against cold &amp; flu-like symptoms as well as getting plenty of rest and fluids. I also booked an appointment for a covid test for Saturday (today). From yesterday however I started to have difficulty breathing and it eventually worsened near the evening and I began having chest pain and heart palpitations, which worsened when I was laying down. I called 111 (I live in the UK) as the breathlessness became unbearable and since I’m prone to getting pneumonia. The paramedics said it was safe to assume that I have covid (however they told me to still get the test done) but said that since I’m able to walk some distance alone (that being the bathroom  and back) and since my nails haven’t turned blue, they won’t do anything to me. Today I woke up feeling like there’s a weight on my chest and I have absolutely no energy to even get out of bed. I’m very scared that I probably have pneumonia and the last time I had one, I was treated just in time before I had any permanent damage to my right lung. I don’t want to be put into that situation again. 

How do I go about this? Any help or support would be appreciated. BreathingHas anyone else had days where the shortness of breathe comes back for a couple days then leaves? It’s kind of a scary feeling ALLEGRA!I have been recovering for 19 weeks and had really bad chest pain last night. I took allegra and it went away!! Sharing for whoever needs it Got tested at ER with only a feverI can't believe they think I have covid. I made a 3 layer mask and never left the house except to go to really safe places practicing very strict guidelines 2 times. Doctor thinks I have it still even though my chest xray was clear. 

Test results won't come back for 3 days. I only have one family member. He probably has it too now. I hate this fuck fuck fuck fuck. r/covid19 (the other Covid sub): toxic circlejerk that makes my blood boilr/covid19...a sub where anecdotal experiences from Covid survivors are banned, but people who have not been touched by the virus can indulge in an "academic" circlejerk where they dismiss, ignore, and invalidate the experiences of those who have.  Apparently defending ourselves is not allowed, but baseless accusations of mental illness and feigning illness are meaningful contributions to this "scientific discussion." 

Someone recently posted an article along the lines of "let Covid longhaulers further our understanding of Covid." And one of the most upvoted comments was:

*"One of the big problems with reaching out to 'long hauler' groups is that it's difficult to determine if people actually had covid. 

It wouldn't surprise me if these groups were filled with bad actors or people with mental health issues. However, I do hope this prompts more research into me/cfs."*

I originally followed this sub wanting to stay apprised of the latest research, but I can't stand this shit. Day 29, heart rate still through the roof.I am at day 29 of my suspected Covid infection. I had pneumonia and my heart has been racing ever since. Mostly stayed home to rest but last weekend I decided to go on a long walk and explore the city a bit as I was so bored... What a mistake. After taking some stairs in the subway, my heart rate was at 180bpm. I went to the ER, the doctors did some X-rays and ran some blood tests. My my lungs are looking great, the antibiotics I was on worked, but they couldn't figure out why my heart was beating so fast even when I wasn't moving. No signs of blood clots. I didn't get a treatment and was told to rest, which I did. I'm also out of breath so easily, even speaking can make me out of breath.

This is causing me a lot of anxiety. How long did it take you guys to go back to normal? I am so scared that this is going to be my life forever. Update: tested negative but lost sense of taste? Anyone else?I posted a few days ago about testing negative and later losing my sense of taste. My first test was on 9/30 and came back negative. I got another one yesterday, 10/6, which came back negative as well. I got tested after I had gotten through the worst part of my sickness. Is it possible I tested negative twice? Or that I got tested at times when it was detectable?

I talked to my PCP and she told me I was likely positive and tested at the wrong times/got a false negative. 

Here’s my timeline of symptoms:


9/27- very mild sore throat before bed

9/28- woke up with sore throat, went away after drinking water. Mild headache- assumed it was a caffine headache.

9/29- sore throat returned, progressively got worse throughout the day , headache and cough began. Low grade fever that night (99.7)

9/30- tested in the AM. Found out I had been in close contact with 2 people who tested positive for covid and had to isolate. Chills, severe headache, and sore throat. Began having congestion that night. Fever of 100.8

10/1- received negative test result, congestion and sore throat worsened. Lost sense of taste in evening. Consistent fever of 101.6. Severe chills and hot flashes began. Consistent headache as well. Found out about 3rd exposure. 

10/2- 100.8 fever, some congestion relief, couldn’t smell anything. Sore throat also slightly better. Felt very dizzy and still had consistent headache. No sense of taste. Chills and hot flashes consistent. Cough got worse. Fever went down to 98.7 for afternoon. Went up to 101.1 before bed.

10/3- 100.3 temp. woke up with congestion almost fully cleared. Sore throat and headache consistent. cough worsened. No sense of taste or smell. Worsened fatigue. Chills and hot flashes continued. Fever down to 99.5 in pm. 

10/4- 99.2 temp. Congestion almost gone, sore throat got better, headache not as bad as previous days, no hot flashes, chills still consistent. Cough still there. A little fatigued. No taste or smell.

10/5- 98.6 temp, minor congestion, cough still consistent. Sense of smell started to come back in the pm. Still no taste. 

10/6- Tested again. Congestion cleared. No improvement in taste or smell. No fever.

10/7- No fever. No change in taste or smell. Test came back negative. If you lost the ability to taste, how long did it last?Hey all,

I haven't been able to taste for about 3 months now. I have a friend who tested positive and lost taste for 2 weeks before it returned. How long did it last for you? Or if you still can't taste, how long has it been? Any Long Haulers in the bay area have success with certain doctors?Been struggling since march and Im sick and tired of it. Months seem to go by and doctors cant figure out anything and I feel so hopeless now. I sadly only have mid-cal and about 800$ saved up that I want to use for an MRI, but thats it. I want to know where to go to for good help because atm i just feel like im never going to be the same and that thought is depressing and crushing. Any help would be nice. Hey fellow LongHaulers - hand painWell after 7 months and every horrible symptom you can think of, I am slowly getting better and able to move around.  Question - my hands ache - like the tendons are all bruised feeling?  When I grip things they feel very sore.  Anyone have this?  ❤️ What’s the zinc limit? Cough not going awayI had all the symptoms like sore throat, fatigue, coughing, high heart rate, thankfully they’re all starting to subside. But I’m entering day 7 and my cough isn’t going away and I can feel the fevers slowly creeping up.

I read that too much zinc can cause the immune system to be less productive. I’ve been taking 2 vitamin C tablets, 1 vitamin D supplement (with multivitamin for absorption), and 3 zicams everyday since the start. 31F What to Expect Based on My Symptoms So Far?Hi everyone,

I am waiting on test results, although I'm presumed positive based on my symptoms.

On Thursday, I was dizzy and fatigued beyond what is normal, but after having a nap I felt fine.  
On Friday, I lost some of my sense of taste and smell, I would say about 50% of what I can normally taste/smell.

It is now Monday, 4 days later, and I don't have new symptoms, just still with diminished taste/smell. No fever, no cough, no aches, no extraordinary fatigue...

I know the virus is different for everyone, but I'm curious about what I can expect moving forward, does anyone have a similar trajectory of symptoms? Husband is presumed positive, we have a 2 year oldMy husband has had 5+ coworkers test positive in his workplace last week. He wasn't feeling 100% and he knew for a fact he had been in contact with some of these people so he got tested yesterday. We are still awaiting the results, but today he started feeling much, much worse. He has a fever and he's very dizzy and doesn't have an appetite. He has had lots of GI symptoms, and I have mainly had GI symptoms. I realized today I couldn't taste me oatmeal.

We have a soon-to-be 2 year old. I wanted to know what parents of small children have done if they both end up laid up and sick? What extra steps can I take to make sure I take care of her, my husband, and myself? Did your toddler end up getting sick as well? So many questions, I'm stressed to say the least. Any help/tips or even words of encouragement are very much appreciated. Going into my 7th month of SOB...Hello, 

I have been diagnosed with covid 19 in April. I have shortness of breath since mid March (I also had really bad cough and fatigue but no other symptoms) I had doctors on the phone every month but no possible to do exams as they didn't want to see me. They gave me peak flow meter and ventolin to see if I have asthma and I don't.

The ventolin did helped me for a bit. But now it seems to don't work much anymore.

During those 7 months my shortness of breath has been bad, then better then bad, sometimes really bad, sometimes much better for few weeks but always here and always coming back to bad.

It's been nearly 2 months that I'm back to work and I feel that the SOB become really bad when I do efforts. Basically I get out of breath at work (even though I try to don't push myself too much...) it takes days to feel "better" but then to become really bad again... it just NEVER ends! On my 7th month of SOB. Is it ever gonna go away?

I finally go to the hospital tomorrow to do a chest x-ray but the doctor said that if they don't find anything they don't have treatment... which mean they will leave me without nothing? The doctor also talked about the long covid that a lot of people still experience SOB for months. 

Anybody in this situation? Who did recover? I just start to loose hope now...

I am 29 years old without health issues... Early symptoms[removed] Respiratory SymptomsI’m on day 10 of symptoms, had a negative pcr test, but doctor said it’s definitely covid because of my symptoms- primarily difficulty breathing and fever. But the weird thing about my difficulty breathing is that I can breathe laying down, but when I sit up it’s like my lungs cease to exist and I can’t breathe. My oxygen has stayed high at 98. Has anyone else had difficulty breathing in different positions? Tip for covidSo i had covid symptoms and my doctor thought i had it but i got tested and it came back negative. I just wanted to give you guys a sort of “super food” that can help those that tested positive. So what i’m talking about is Ceviche. For those of you that do not know what this is, it’s fish cooked with a bunch of lemon and then served with onion, tomato and cilantro. You can pretty much add anything else you would like, such as mango, cucumber and basically any vegetable or fruit. 
This meal is just really good because the lime helps a lot with inflammation. The fish give you that protein that you need since i can imagine you guys are not eating much at all. 
Just thought i should share this meal :) So far somewhat mild case/symptomsPreface: awaiting results.
I haven’t had any exposure to positively tested people, only my family, however as we have seen that doesn’t rule out possible infection. Here’s my timeline of symptoms:

Friday October 2: Excruciating headache behind eyes almost like a burning sensation. Fatigue
Saturday October 3: Same headache, mild fever 99.6, chills, sweating an abnormal amount. Extreme fatigue/can’t do anything. Sleep all day. No appetite during day but starving late at night.
Sunday October 4: Same symptoms as Saturday. Sleep all day. Eat one meal through the day. Got tested.
Monday October 5: Cold and flu medicine seem to have relieved most symptoms. Have more energy. Walk around the neighborhood to get some sunshine(it’s still 75 here in VA). Awaiting results. Mild fever 99.4
Anyone have similar symptoms. No major fever, cough, shortness of breath. So far it’s not been too bad, but I’m only on day 4. Taking vitamin C, Zinc, and vitamin D. Any long-haulers with newly diagnosed asthma???So I’ve been suffering from breathing problems since early this year (coincidence?). After three very bad flare ups in the course of 9 months, I’ve been all of the sudden diagnosed with asthma. During my first two episodes I was not tested for covid because testing was not available back then. Other symptoms I’m having lately is extreme fatigue and hair loss. (Last flare up was in August and PCR test came negative then). Anyone that tested positive has had something similar? What to expect?I have bad english, so please have patience.

I had  fever at October 1th at night (38.2 c - 100.76 f), honestly nothing different than a normal flu.

But the next day i had body aches and my head hurt. Saturday i called the doctor because i started to lose my taste, and everything smelled rancid, a little like vinagre or something metallic, and he gave me some medicine (azithromycin, ibuprofen and vitamins). Now, 4 days later since i had fever, i feel perfectly fine. 

I had some body pain and a little headache at morning, but now i don't feel a thing. My question is, should i expect to get better? I am 30 years old, i don't have obesity or any previous sickness, i go to the gym daily and i think i have pretty good health. 

Anyone with a similar experience? what should i expect? thanks Post-covid rash?Hi! I was told I had covid in April (symptoms and fever from Apr 1- Apr 21), but there were no tests at the time as I was in NYC at the height of the pandemic.

Anyway, my question: since recovering, I've developed a malar (butterfly) rash on my face, mostly on my cheeks. I can't find anything about this online. Has anyone else experienced this? My only other post-covid symptoms were mono-like fatigue and a bad cough that comes and goes. Question for long haulers, do your sweat sonetiems smells like sweet metallic?8 months myself.
Tons of synptoms with periods of remission along with periods of syndrome flares. 

I cant pinpoint exactly the smell but is not a gross smell or sweaty is just kinda like an oxidated sweet. If that even is a smell

Any idea what is it? Symptoms improving, still awaiting resultsMy symptoms started a little less than 2 weeks ago, they started with headaches and some fatigue. Then last Thursday October 1st I felt like I was dying. I had a fever of 100.8, body aches, chills, sore throat, post nasal drip and congestion. I slept pretty well and the next day my fever was gone and so were the headaches, body aches. Despite this I developed a cough and some chest pain, which I still have. I feel way better and only cough a few times a day but I’m scared I haven’t experienced the worst yet.  Is it possible my symptoms peaked last Thursday and now I’m slowly getting better? Woke up multiple times gasping for airProbably into my second night of this, first night I didn’t get any sleep. 26M long hauler since April but awaiting test, I definitely feel worse than the usual long hauler fevers.

But yea I woke up multiple times last night just immediately taking a giant gasp for air, I sleep belly down or the side. I can’t sleep on my back. So far it’s been fatigue and coughing late in the evening, waking up ok. Anyone else experiencing something like this? Is it something to be concerned? Unfortunately have to wait scheduling a doctor eVisit but contemplating if this is serious enough to go to the hospital. Went to a stupid gender reveal party and now I’m pretty sure I have “The Rona”.38M. 
Last weekend my wife and attended a gender reveal for a close friend having his first child. It didn’t take long for the masks to come off as some of us wanted to speak freely and relied on the fact that we were in his backyard and believe being outside reduces your chances. That was Saturday. On Wednesday my nose began running however, it’s September so I chopped it up to allergies.

By Friday I felt like I was coming down with a cold because my nose became a facet. It amazing how this virus gets you to spread itself. Saturday morning I woke up coughing with no taste or smell which prompted me to take a test. I find out my results tomorrow (Monday). Thus far my symptoms have been mild which include a runny nose and some wheezing and a persistent cough (1 cough per 2minute avg). I’m in my daughters room in a pink prison while my pregnant wife and daughter are in the other room. We live in a 700sq 2bedroom apt in nyc and I’m really hope I haven’t infected my wife. She’s taking a test tomorrow. This blows and gender reveals are stupid. Never again Can I add my story here? Detailed one, looking for support .So yeah.

Fever started at 99.6

2nd Day 100.4 Dry Cough

3rd 101.4 Dry Cough

4th Lost Smell, Lost Taste

5th , 6th , 7th Fever goes after paracetamol comes back at night. Tops 102.2

Dry Cough has been irritating.

Spo2 was 96

Age 26 Male , GAD.

My Grandmother was ill, recovered in less than 2 days, my uncle in 4 days, my 4 year old sis in 1 day, my brother 5 years younger in 5 days and my mother in 8 days. Doc suspects it aint covid, heard my lungs, did CBC and other tests normal. I live in Doon, India. Active cases around 9k and I just want to get better. Finally got testedI've been incredibly careful this whole time, but I found out I was exposed yesterday. I immediately went to get tested and I should find out in the next few days, but I'm not feeling great now. We were both wearing masks and trying to social distance.

My symptoms are a runny nose, congestion and headache. I feel like it could just be very bad allergies. No sore throat, cough, fever or fatigue. 

I'm less concerned about myself and more about my parents who I live with (both high risk). I've been wearing a mask around the house every time I leave my room. What do you guys think? StrokeCan you have a stroke 6 days before Covid 19 symptoms onset ..? GrandmaMy grandma has cough headache and diarrhea with no fever 
I’m afraid it Covid 
A well ago we think she had a mini stroke 
I don’t what to expect Can I take antibiotics while having long covid?I'm very concerned about interactions between my body while having long covid/reactivating symptoms and anything I may take medicinally. I have a possible ear infection/ear issue and was prescribed amox-clav and ciproflox-dexameth. Are there any concerns I should have? I  asked the person who prescribed it to me but because of how foreign long covid is to a lot of medical workers he presumed I just meant regular covid which he dismissed me from having due to my normal temperature. Thank you Any tips from fellow presumed positives/positives?Hey there. 

Back in June/July, I (22 F) was down for three weeks with a nonstop fever for 20 days, nausea, body aches, high heart rate, incredible fatigue, and brain fog. I also had crazy stomach pain in weeks 3-4. I got tested near the beginning, it came back negative, but my doctor told me it was probably covid. 

Fast forward about three months, and my fatigue is still lingering like crazy. I have to monitor every activity to make sure it won't tire me out too much. Most days, I'm in and out of bed quite a bit to recover from "strenuous" activities like... eating lunch. Submitting an assignment. Walking to and from the garden. I've had costocondritis in the past and it made an appearance again a few weeks ago, and seems to want to hang around. At night, I have trouble falling asleep because my breathing gets labored. My heart rate hangs out at around 90-100 when I'm in bed. Every day is a struggle and I feel so alone. 

For my recovering friends - what was or is your journey back to health like? Do you have any tips you've learned over your recovery process? I'd love to hear your thoughts. Thanks! Tested Positive For Antibodies[removed] In car with coworker who now has symptomsI worked in close proximity with a coworker on Monday and Tuesday who is now showing symptoms of covid (bad cough, chest congestion, exhaustion, sinus pressure, headache, sore throat), and was in the car with him for about an hour round trip. We didn't wear masks in the car (dumb, yes I know). He did not have symptoms at the time I saw him. we wore masks the whole time at work, and I sanitize my hands a lot. Have not seen him since Tuesday. 

He is one of the ones who is in covid denial so it concerns me even more.

I'm concerned about getting it because my girlfriend (26) who I live with has lupus, heart disease, and severe asthma. I (27) have heart disease as well but other than that am very healthy. I have a headache today but I'm prone to migraines so I think it is unrelated.

Anyway, based on my research it seems it's a low chance that I caught it, even if he is positive. Hoping for some more evidence to back that up, or even the opposite. I am being safe and quarantining, and will continue to sanitize regularly. Just kinda grasping at straws trying to understand my risk here My story so far... day unknownI am a 32 year old man 5’10 240lbs. Currently residing in the Texas triangle. Last week on the 26 I hung out with a friend and his girlfriend. They thought I was drunk - I was not. My muscles ached, I was walking like an80 year old man and I was having problems making sandwiches - I mean sentences. 

Next morning I woke up and BAM! House temp is as at 78F and I was shaking like a leaf on a tree. I sounded like Vader and Had issues with muscle fatigue so great I was barely able to get out of chairs. My body type is like that of a short bouncer at a bar. While I’m fat I can do push-ups and love to ride my bike. Loss of smell and taste followed. 

On top of this my short term memory is gone and I feel kinda... slow. 

My landlord, had me checked to move out the 1st and then offered me a horrible deal to stay for a month. She is money hungry and I don’t trust her. I’m now in a hotel with a permanent so not disturb sign on. 

I sleep about 18 hours a day and it’s been a while since I felt bad. Weirdest thing is that I went into the ER and got a diagnosis of covid on the day I obtained Vader Voice. I just called and my test is negative. I know there are false negative but I feel so angry and like such a liar.   

God damnit! I did two laps around the parking lot of the hotel today before I had to come in to rest. I feel so angry and helpless. My family believes and trusts me but fuck NEGATIVE????? How else could I feel this shitty. 

Sorry for the long rant. If I do have Covid then I believe that rage at negative tears should be a symptom. The type they gave was a nose-qtip type. Just needed to vent I feel really sad and stupid. Advice after ERSo I went to the Er the other night because of a weird tingling going down my left arm starting at my tricep, burning tingling in my hands and feet, and heart palpitations.

After a full blood work up and ekg, the only abnormal thing they found was slightly low potassium levels.

The feeling in my arm and hands has not gone away although it has gone away in my feet.

Any advice on the next step? Don’t be fooled, 2nd time could be worse..26M here was sick in April a long hauler, it’s been progressing not that great. It was just 8 days of low grade fever before. Now my whole body is aching and chilling, I’m scared, I’m trying every vitamin under the sun now. I can barely sleep either. This is so agonizing, does it get better? So far it’s day 3. Is it safe to consume Advil or Tylenol? I read something months back about how one of them was dangerous Sharp chest painHey gang. So my wife tested positive last week and I'm almost 100% sure I have it as well. I haven't gotten tested yet, but I've had some symptoms that she had and her uncle (ER doctor) thinks I might have it. My symptoms thus far


Tiredness 

Stuffy nose

Chest pain

The chest pain is new to me and freaking me out. It's in between my pecs center of my sternum. It's a sharp stabbing like pain. I would call it annoying as it's not unbearable. Breathing is fine and o2 levels are 97%. Anyone experience similar pain or know what it might be? Covid toes flare upMy dermatologist suspected I had COVID-19 from Covid toes symptom that began in March. It was painful for a few weeks, but then the pain went away. Redness/purpleness of toes improved slightly but never went away completely.

Now I am having a flare up of the redness and of the itchy/numb/painful feelings. Doctors have said it will get better and there is nothing you can do..  but I’m curious if it is common for this symptom to not go away completely and flare up on occasion.

Has anyone else had flare up in COVID toes like this?

PS - I am lucky that my symptoms (COVID toes and alopecia hair loss) have been very much superficial, and my heart goes out to people who experience so much worse. Tested negative but lost sense of taste? Anyone else?Here’s a timeline of my symptoms:

9/28- woke up with sore throat, went away after drinking water. Mild headache- assumed it was a caffine headache.

9/29- sore throat returned, progressively got worse, headache and cough began. Low grade fever.

9/30- tested in the AM. Found out I had been in close contact with 2 people who tested positive for covid and had to isolate. Chills, severe headache, and sore throat. Began having congestion that night. Fever of 100.8

10/1- received negative test result, told by doc it was likely a false negative. Lost sense of taste in evening. Consistent fever of 101.6. Severe chills and hot flashes began. Consistent headache as well.

Has anyone else has anything like this happen and tested positive?? I had VERY close contact with 2 people who tested positive (one being a family member who I had lunch with- no mask). Is it with getting tested again?? Throat hurts after covid test, is it normal?Throat hurts after covid test, is it normal?


I have extreme headaches and intense nausea, I'm feeling sick and having elevated body temperature. My body temperature was 37,4 degrees yesterday. I have had it for a week.

I got tested for covid today and the test was really painful and unpleasant. They swabbed my throat shoving the stick down to my throat. I want to throw up and was coughing a lot. It hurt a lot during test. I was feeling really nauseous and almost threw up. When they took swabs from my nose it hurt a lot too, my eyes were super watery. My vision went black for \~30 seconds and I got very dizzy. I felt normal after \~2 minutes.

Now it's 30 minutes since test and my throat hurts and has burning sensations. It feels really uncomfortable. My voice sounds different and a bit hoarse after test. It hurts when swallow sometimes. It didn't't hurt when I swallowed before.

Medications: euthyrox 37,5 mgx1, mildronate 500mgx2, cavinton 5mg x2 a day. Took Ketorol 10mg last 2 days.

I have chronic headaches, anxiety, panic attacks, elevated thyroid simulating hormone, POTS, heart palpitations, narrowed artery in head

16F 115lbs 5’10

Is it normal that my throat hurts after test? What should I do? Low grade fever for 3 weeksI’ve been having low grade fevers for 3 weeks now at temps from 99.7-100.4. Most persistent symptom I have are headaches. From time to time I have nausea, chills, light headedness. No respiratory or cardiac issues. I lost my sense of taste and smell in the beginning for 4 days but it came back. 

I’ve been tested twice, both times came back negative. After talking to a doctor friend who was working with covid patients, he thinks I have it.

It’s usually when I’m sleeping or trying to sleep when I have it the worse. It feels like I’m fading in and out and starting to lose consciousness. Feels like I don’t have enough oxygen but pulse oximeter says I’m at 98-99 and heart rate was in the 70-80’s. My body goes cold and numb. 

Last night I went to the ER because it was so severe and my heart rate shot up to 120. They did EKG, chest X-rays and blood draw to check my oxygen levels and couldn’t find anything wrong. They just gave me anxiety meds and sent me home.

I’ve been loading up on vitamin c, zinc, vitamin d, daily vitamins, elderberry and keep hydrated with water and coconut water. I’ve been eating a pretty bland diet with lots of veggies and fruits.

I’m so sick of having this low grade fever and I feel like they are worsening by lasting almost half a day to a full day. The first two weeks the fever would only last a few hours and I would feel fine as if I’m not even sick. Anyone else have a fever for this long or similar symptoms? Advice or similar experiences would be great to hear! how long does fatigue lasti’m 16 and i got sick maybe first week of september, it started with a sore throat and then i got a fever, lost my taste, got muscle and joint ache  and fatigue. i didn’t get tested (but getting antibodies tested next week) because someone close to me who i met a few days earlier tested positive and a family doctor told me it was it so i quarantined for 2 weeks. 3 weeks later, i’m still finding it hard to wake up in the morning, my arms back and legs ache when i do wake up and overall i’m just tired and aching. does anyone know if it’s related and if it is, how long does it last for? I got tested at CVS on Friday. It says my results are pending but I got a diagnoses that I don’t understand? Anyone else experience this?I created a MyChart account to track my results. As of today it lists the time and location that I got tested, and lists a doctor. Under diagnoses it says: contact w and exposure to oth viral communicable diseases

When I click on the diagnoses, it sends me to a link explaining viral diseases. When I click on test results, it says none found. I called CVS and tried to speak to someone on their hotline, but an automated system says my results are still pending. Which is why I’m confused about the diagnoses.

Anyone else had an experience like this through CVS? Does the diagnoses mean I tested positive? Or will it alert me in another way if I tested positive? The name of a doctor listed makes me feel like my sample was tested, but I’m confused...

Any guidance would be greatly appreciated! Left Pec feels bruised? DizzinessHi all,

I have been symptomatic for about a week now, my lungs have cleared up almost 100% but the past few days I have been feeling dizzy and lightheaded, especially after I walk, and I noticed that if I push on my left pec it hurts, feels almost like a bad bruise. I noticed that my heart rate has varied a lot from really high to low at night, and I have a pulse ox at a steady 97. I am 20M for reference.

Anyone else experience anything like this? Woke up with no taste or smell - got tested today but feel horribly guilty.I (30F) have had no symptoms up until this morning. I woke up, got a cup of coffee and realized I couldn’t smell or taste it. I did some smell tests and nothing. I called the testing site in my area and got in for testing today, so now I am waiting on results.

For reference, the state and county I live in (in the US) had had a huge spike in cases last week so it could have come from anywhere. My husband and I are careful - masks when/if we need to go out, consolidated trips to the grocery store only as needed, no bars/crowded spaces if we can help it. 

But with this recent spike, it could be from anyone and anywhere. I told my mom that I was getting tested and it became a big guilt trip. The entire conversation, I felt like I personally infected everyone around me and that I was an idiot for potentially getting COVID. I feel this terrible sense of guilt and I’m scared to even bring it up to anyone until I get the results because I don’t want to be judged... Covid: The Curse That Keeps On Giving[removed] What were your first symptoms?[removed] Immunosuppressed. Presumed positive[removed] Free Covid recovery journal and guide[removed] Presumed positive from close contact with a friend who tested positiveOn a college campus, wearing masks while talking until we started eating dinner right next to each other, she tested positive this morning and we were with each other last night so I now have to quarantine for 14 days per campus rules. I’m 18 years old and I know odds are very much in my favor but I’m still a little nervous. I’d been very cautious since March but knew that college would always be a risk. I have vitamin D3 and some cold medicine, is there anything else I should do/take? Thanks What food won’t make you sick[removed] Low oxygen again. Day 10. Do I need to go to urgent care?Hi all. I'm 30/ F/ no underlying health conditions... I highly suspect I have COVID. I started symptoms 10 days ago. These are my symptoms:
- lowish oxygen: was 95 for a few days and improved with Flovent inhaler. Low oxygen cane back tonight and it's hovering between 91-96. Was 98 for a few days.
- pneumonia - in the right lung. Finished my Zpack a few days ago. Using albuterol and Flovent.
- shortness of breath ( went away , came back tonight)
- chest tightness, went away, came back slightly tonight
- low grade fever...between 99 and 100, but it got better for a day and came back to100.4 today now it's been 99 most of the day.
- diarrhea...I've had it 8 out of 10 days daily. Not as frequent. I went from 6 bms to just 1 bm of diarrhea.
- achy muscles...went away 
- dehydration
- headaches - went away
- fatigue...went away but came back today
- slight mental brain fog
- chest pain...mostly gone away- 99% better
- had a ragweed pollen allergy attack that went away after closing Windows, taking zyrtec and putting on air purifier
- symptoms come and go...some have disappeared and some have come back 
- either high BPM (120) OR LOW BPM (62)
- I get winded after just short walks like taking out garbage. Never had this prior to being sick
- always feel worse around 3pm-11pm EVERY day. 


At what point do I go to the Dr? I think my last test on Thursday last week was a false negative. Seems like my symptoms got worse again today after 2 days of improving. I'm on day 10 of fever and other symptoms. Took a 2nd test on Weds this week and awaiting results. Dr. did full blood panel ab d said all labs are good. Except lymphocytes white blood cell a bit low and sauteed it's normal if you're fighting a virus. My Dr. said if I do have COVID then if my o2 goes below 94 I need to go to ER. I'm furloughed and am afraid of a huge hospital bill. My GF that I live with is a frontline healthcare worker. She doesn't feel sick. 14 days before I got sick I did outdoor dining for first time in 7 months! It was my bday &amp; I thought it would be safe. I had my flu shot on 9/8. This doesn't feel like a flu. I also have ptsd and anxiety but these symptoms are not anxiety. 


What should I do? Might not get my COVID results til Monday morning! Worst week ever: diagnosed, served eviction notice for noise, then friend who gave me the virus jumped from 4th floor balconyRolling updates, don’t have time to be complete ATM. THE HOSPITAL IN AUSTIN TEXAS IS TELLING PATIENTS THEY RAN OUT OF TESTS. 


  who lives on the forth floor was in crisis and left phone and asked to use mine to help find it. I he took it into the hall used it and gave it back to 

 He stayed on my porch for 20 minutes kinds of people and give it back. It wasn’t looking good. My wife is it are use the phone for a few minutes  Before wiping it down with a Lysol wipe and realize that I already touched my mouth and nose and was hoping that he wasn’t sick.

I started having some symptoms within 24 hours of sneezing and having allergy symptoms then nausea vomiting fever and the shortness of breath.

I have a long-standing feud with my downstairs neighbor because since I have been on crutches and using a cast and then limping she complains about it heavy walking and I’ve gotten repeated noise violations for this. Taste went away, came back and it now too strong?I started showing symptoms, including drastically reduced taste, last Tuesday.  I had a lab test on Wednesday that was negative and a rapid test on Saturday that was also negative, but based on my symptoms, known exposures and my respiratory issues I was told I probably had it and behave as though I did.  All I could taste was salt/sweet/acid.  It was pretty much normal by this Tuesday, but today (Thursday) everything tastes super exaggerated.  Anything sweet is like just mainlining sugar out of the container and anything salty is like pouring the whole container of salt in my mouth.  I ordered lasagna from the local place down the road, with bread and a salad and it is all soooooooooooo salty.  I even tried plain lettuce and it was salty.  I tried a mini tortilla with butter, which has been my go to this whole time, even it tastes like I took the salt grinder to it and went to town.  No flavor other than just mounds and mounds of salt.

Is this normal when getting your taste back?  If so, how long am I going to have these fluctuations?  If it's not normal, what do I need to do?  I'm using three different inhalers at the moment.  Could that be why this is happening? Taste went away, came back briefly, and is now exaggerated?I started showing symptoms, including drastically reduced taste, last Tuesday.  I had a lab test on Wednesday that was negative and a rapid test on Saturday that was also negative, but based on my symptoms, known exposures and my respiratory issues I was told I probably had it and behave as though I did.  All I could taste was salt/sweet/acid.  It was pretty much normal by this Tuesday, but today (Thursday) everything tastes super exaggerated.  Anything sweet is like just mainlining sugar out of the container and anything salty is like pouring the whole container of salt in my mouth.  I ordered lasagna from the local place down the road, with bread and a salad and it is all soooooooooooo salty.  I even tried plain lettuce and it was salty.  I tried a mini tortilla with butter, which has been my go to this whole time, even it tastes like I took the salt grinder to it and went to town.  No flavor other than just mounds and mounds of salt.

Is this normal when getting your taste back?  If so, how long am I going to have these fluctuations?  If it's not normal, what do I need to do?  I'm using three different inhalers at the moment.  Could that be why this is happening? Low-grade fever comes and goes daily for past 7 days?So me and my doctor have it since I have 9 out of the 11 main COVID symptoms. (No loss of smell and no vomiting but I have everything elsevplus Pneumonia) First day I had fever was 8 days ago. I got tested 7 days ago. Was negative but I'm presumed to have it based on my symptoms. I got tested 1 days into having fever and symptoms and I don't think they went far up enough into my sinuses to obtain a quality sample. I got another test yesterday and a full blood panel. My doctor said I'm taking a little too long to heal. It's viral due to my slightly low white blood cell count and symptoms that come and go plus diarrhea etc....

Anyways so I'm wondering if people are having symptoms come and go? Like my fatigue and fever especially. I've had a low grade fever everyday for 8 days except yesterday it was barely there. But again today in the afternoon it's 99.5 again. My fatigue and diarrhea were gone for 1 day also but came back. I can't sleep well. Not a huge appetite til 2 or 3 pm...I always feel worse around 3 or 4. I always have normal temp in the AM but around 3 it comes back almost daily. I'm having diarrhea too for past 8 days and my Dr said I'm a little dehydrated. Been having lots of soup, tea, Gatorade and water. 

Anybody else having these symptoms that come and go? Anybody get false negatives and still think they have ? I don't quite feel like I have a cold or a flu.. feels different...never had pmeumonia in my life either. I'm a healthy young 30 yro/ female w/no underlying health issues, just seasonal allergies and ptsd and such. 

Good news is my oxygen levels are better and I'm not having much chest pain and no more coughing or shortness of breath!

Anybody having a low grade fever for a week? Irresponsible familyThis is very frustrating and I could use some advice. My sister and her husband couldn’t give two shits about Covid and treat it as meaningless as a mere cold. Needless to say, their friends all feel the same way and they have never once slow down during the shut down. Friends over partying, no masks, etc. They got very sick in August just before the weddings of two of their kids. The weddings happened and although one kid tried to take precautions by telling guests to wear masks, the other kid is on the same level as his parents and had the wedding as if there was no pandemic. She even pressured my parents to come to both weddings even though my dad has asthma, a fib, and COPD. Apparently they recovered enough since then to head to Mexico a week ago for the husband’s birthday and of course I’m sure they partied over there. They are back now and are extremely sick with all the symptoms of Covid again AND have transmitted it to other members of their immediate family. They are still not going to get tested because they say we either have it or we don’t who cares we’ll recover and other bullshit like that. They’re planning on going to Mexico again in October. I’m afraid so many people are out there just like them; getting on airplanes, going inside restaurants, keeping their nose uncovered in groceries and just not giving a shit about anyone but themselves.  These kind of people are the reason why we can’t get the virus under control and why we now have to struggle so hard right now with young kids at home!! I wish there was something I could do or say to help them realize the importance of being civically responsible. Interpreting my resultHi I got my antibody test back and it says for anything less than 1 AU/mL it’s considered negative. Mine was less than .2 so I’m wondering if it’s not 0 does that mean I had exposure at some point but no longer have enough antibodies to be considered antibody positive? Is antibody test really 90% accurate?My primary doctor presumed I had covid based on my symptoms. As I’m still having long-haul symptoms, she referred me to an infectious diseases doctor at a prestigious hospital in my city. The doctor spent about an hour with me today and was overall very supportive. 

One thing she said that surprised me - is that because my antibody rest was 6 weeks after my first symptoms, that in &gt;90% of cases it should have come up as positive if I really had covid. My antibody test was negative, so she said it’s very unlikely I had covid - possible but unlikely. She diagnosed me with post-viral syndrome and said it doesn’t matter if the virus I had was covid or not - the treatment is the same. 

Does anyone know if that 90% figure is really correct? It just seems weird that I got another virus that wasn’t covid, which caused so many respiratory issues - esp. since I hardly ever left the house! And have never gotten something like this before. My gut tells me the antibody test is less accurate than 90% - I feel sure I’ve seen articles saying it’s not very accurate - but an infectious disease doctor would have the stats right? I’m also interested in hearing about people who tested positive with nasal swab and then negative in antibody test. UPDATE - Recovery since March (6 months since I got sick)[removed] Parents of toddlers with (suspected) covid: anyone’s kids just not eating?[removed] I tested positive but no symptoms yet. What should I expect?I tested positive yesterday but don’t have any symptoms other than minor body ache. How long after testing positive do symptoms usually show? I don’t know what do expect and I’m freaking out They Say "Talking Helps", So I'll Share My Current JourneyHi there, I am working on documenting my Covid journey. It's scary, but documenting is going to help me (and you) get through this together. So let's get started. 

Well, I was fine until some events caused me to go into a densely populated area. I'm going to skip all of that -- too personal, anyway. It wasn't exactly bad, just not favorable. 

&amp;#x200B;

09/17/20 &gt; Travel to Tennessee  (I was briefly dislocated due to a storm). 

09/18/20 &gt; Humid temp to cold and dry temp. I usually always have post nasal drip throughout the day, but it's quite manageable. "Hey babe! I keep spitting out so much phlegm, haha. Allergies are wacky out here, huh?!" 

09/19/20 &gt; Started one evening where I just noticed a I had a scratchy throat. I didn't think much about it, I smoked a full spectrum "hemp joint" (just CBD, no THC) and it really got my coughing, I thought that was kind of odd but I didn't think much of it. Sore throat? Hey, no big deal. Sometimes I get them and wake up the next day fine. Whatever, right?  

09/20/20 &gt; Boom. Anxiety, panic, and depression. Why? I still have the sore throat. It didn't go away. Something is wrong. Could it be a sinus infection? That would explain it. 

09/21/20 &gt; Morning, cough starts. It's quite occasional so I figured it was simply because of all the mucus coming down my throat. I proceed with the day, but progressively start to feel a little worse. We try to wrap up a few more things, and by the end of the night I'm downright feeling horrible. My S/O is basically watching me breakdown in a panic and I sorta awkwardly sob myself to sleep. 

09/22/20 &gt; I wake up *in* a panic attack, heart is pounding, the room feels strange, I feel strange. Everything is weird. I demand we go to the hospital, I must be dying (panic attack). I try to calm down, S/O listens to my chest and the more I try to calm down the less...insane I feel. I realize then it's just a panic attack. I reached for something I haven't reached for in years, something I forgot about: God. 

I demanded we leave immediately to our hometown. (Previously it did not have power/water, etc). So, we left TN at about 2:15AM. At this point, I feel out of my mind. She doesn't typically drive, so driving in foggy mountains just isn't a good idea. I really should not be driving, not sure if it's sinus/altitude sickness in tandem with...covid? But I really should have not been driving. I asked her if my driving was okay, and she told me it was normal as usual. I realized maybe this too was just panic. I raced down the hills and mountains (carefully) just wanting to get far away from where we are and where I suspect it was contracted. I'm literally crying, tears rolling doing 100+ (on straights) just wanting to get back home. The panic went on for hours the whole drive. I just begged to see the sun, to see my hometown and to make it back safe. 

I made it back, booked an appointment for Covid screening at CVS, jammed a swab as well as I could in my nose and here I am, patiently waiting not knowing exactly what to expect in the next few days. I feel it could be anything. I'm afraid of it getting worse. 

\&gt;The Good News&lt; 

So far (by the grace of God) I'm doing okay. I have moment where I even forget I'm sick. It doesn't cross my mind for minutes at a time, of course until I need to cough. Sure, I'm also tired and what not. Oh! No fever! In fact, my temp is oddly been 97.X lately. I'm extremely emotionally sensitive, and the thought of a baby duck could probably make my cry if I put some effort into it (coming from a fairly average-to-high testosterone guy. 

I have to cough 5-10 times before I get a "release" where I no longer feel the need to cough for a short time. Dry, dry, dry, dry, dry, dry, wet. Break. Dry, dry, wet. Break. Wet. Break...etc. 

In all honesty, I actually feel okay. I suggested we sleep in separate rooms and even brought out my computer desk, monitor, chair and literally "redecorated" the other spare bedroom and made it nice and cozy. I have a bathroom connected so I plan to basically just stay in here so we don't share the virus and saturate a room with both of us in it. 

It's been fairly straining on the relationship, too. Now she's starting to get some of the symptoms, and it's important to mitigate stress so I'm confiding with God while checking in on her. 

While I'm not sure what's in store for the days ahead, I'm unselfishly praying not for God to "help", but to find the strength, courage, and will within myself. To "remember the God within myself", to overcome whatever other challenges lie ahead in the coming days. 

Assuming the next several days are not drastically different from today, I'm doing all right. Symptoms really haven't changed, still no fever but the cough is getting more frequent. Breathing is slowly getting a little more labored, but not at a rapid rate. It's quite gradual and at times not even noticeable. Could just be anxiety. When I do get a wet cough out of the ten dry coughs, the labored breathing goes away. 

I don't want to say that I'm okay, because I don't know what's ahead. But, so far it's really not that bad. At least...not yet. 

I decided I'd make a plan on exactly when I will (if I need to) seek medical attention. Basically when I feel my body is no longer winning, I will seek medical attention. I already decided on what ER I'll go to and what car I'll take, etc. It seems ridiculous, but having a plan really helps comfort me. 

The worst part is the lack of sleep, stress, and anxiety makes me gasp for air occasionally when sleeping. (This only happens when I'm stressed). 

I'll try to update this when I can. If anyone has any thoughts or suggestions feel free :) my current plan is to make it another 48 hours! If I can make it another 48 hours not feeling too much different than I do now, I think I should be in the clear for recovery. 

...I could fuckin' cry right now writing this. 

Do not like this year. I'd love to talk to anyone. PM if you would like. Infected at collegeHey guys! I’m a freshman at college and today I just started experiencing COVID-19 symptoms. I’m currently isolating in my dorm waiting to hear from contact tracers who will take me to isolation housing. 

My dad really would prefer for me to come isolate at home instead of at the university’s quarantine housing. He’s 50 years old and I think this is a bad idea. He says that I can sit in the back of the car with a respirator/surgical combo and with the windows down, but man, I don’t know. What’s your guys’ take on this? MY EMPLOYER STILL WANTS ME TO COME IN EVEN IF I HAVE COVID-19 RELATED SYMPTOMS....I work as a dispatcher for a big medical courier company that transports specimens from hospitals, doctor offices, and other locations to labs. My division is short staffed and even after telling my boss I couldn’t come in to work since I was sick and experiencing COVID-19 like symptoms, he still wanted me to come into the office. (We don’t even have a work from home program) and because we are short staffed, I am being pressured to still come to work. I took a covid test the same day I tried to call out of work but the results will come in 2-3 days. What should I do? I really don’t want to start an outbreak should my test results come in positive. False Positive?So I just tested negative for covid19. I got tested Thursday. My symptoms are getting worse. I came into the Dr on Thursday due to: shortness of breath, chest pain, fever, trouble breathing and severe diarrhea. I feel worse and now have mild body aches and a bad headache. They COVID tested me and X-rayed my chest. They said I have pneumonia ...got Flovent and Albuterol. They said I still have a temp of 99.7 and low oxygen level of 95%. I'm on antibiotics too because the Dr doesn't know if it's bacterial or not. I still feel very weak. Can't keep food down. Still having low oxygen and everything. I don't have energy to shower. I am 30 and healthy and have no underlying diseases. I had the flu shot on 9/8. I got symptoms on 9/16....pneumonia is caused by viruses and bacteria. Never had pneumonia in my life ...been SIP and social distancing....no get togethers. My partner is a front line medical worker - dental hygienist. She visited her parents like 3 times to help them with stuff (they're old and don't speak much English etc) I've mostly been at home and furloughed from work. We just do essential errands. My bday was 9/2 and we did outdoor dining. On 9/16-- 14 days later-- got the symptoms. It was also smoky here in the SF bay area for 4 weeks. I stayed out of it as much a possible.


I think I should retest. Are false positives possible? How can I just develop PNEUMONIA out of nowhere? I emailed my Dr. I'm frustrated. I have 8 out of 11 COVID symptoms. I feel sick. Should I get retested? I think I should. I've never heard of pneumonia with severe diarrhea. Positive and negative results on the same day. WTF is going on hereBeginning Sunday I started experiencing a very minor soar throat. It went away Tuesday morning but was replaced by minor congestion. I assumed it was due to the bad air from the fires (I live in SoCal), but wanted to be sure. Wednesday I got a rapid antigen test. About an hour later I got a call back that it was positive. I had some doubts about the accuracy especially since one of my roommates had just received a negative result a few days prior. That same day I went to get a second test. This one was a RT-PCR test. The results came back negative today. To further complicate things. Everyone I had been in contact with got tested when I told them about my positive result. So far they are all negative. However, I am still experiencing minor cold symptoms. I a third test today and am waiting for the results in the next few days. I am honestly at a loss. This whole thing is such a shit show. Anyone that lost smell and taste after you regained it back did some foods smell stinky or unpleasant?A month ago I regain my smell some taste back but foods like bread and french frys smelled bad and I'm just last week my nose had a flare up. Most of the time I smell. It is the unpleasant stinky smell and I'm almost every food has a hint of a smell. likeliness of having covid w/ my symptoms?21/m; got a high fever (up to 39.8°C)since friday night (9/18) and developed diarrhea and abdominal pain. none of it really got better and i can hardly get the fever down with paracetamol. i was tested on 9/19 and will get the results tomorrow. i have no respiratory symptoms. how likely is it that i have covid? Difficulty sleeping at nightI am having fever of 102 and body aches since yesterday. It is not reduced by paracetamol to my surprise (I took 650mg yesterday's evening and at night). I am an asthma patient and have severe anxiety and sleep problems. I dreaded Corona since beginning.   Last night, I took some vitamins and usual anxiety medicines(pregabaline 150, lexapro 10mg, clonazepam .5mg). Even with all these medicines, I only slept for two hours. I gave test today expecting results in two days. How can I recover when falling asleep was such a big deal. My heart rate was above 120bpm yesterday. Sick for 5 months, all tests negative. Doctor still suspects COVID.Recap of my situation: I've been sick since April. Body is sore all around, hot/cold waves and sensations, minor nose/throat symptoms, fatigue and dizziness. NO fever, diarrhoea, cough, chest pains. Haven't been able to do almost any physical activity/exercise. Symptoms come and go.

I've had 3 negative tests and 1 antibodies test also negative. My chest x-rayed and basically all other blood tests done. Doctors say now we just have to wait. 

Doctor also said there's been patients with positive test and similar symptoms, so she says there's still a chance this is/was COVID. 

Prior to this sickness COVID wave was at it's peak where I live and I was doing a customer service job with multiple human interactions obviously. 

I've been basically tested for everything except neurological disease or cancer.

M/23.

Any others experiencing same kind of situation? What do you think? Am I still contagious if smell has not returned?I’m about 10 days out from initial symptoms, which were luckily mild and only noticeable for around four days. I’m currently in France, where they have shortened quarantine to 7 days after positive diagnosis, but I’ve yet to experience any return of my sense of smell. Could this mean that I’m still symptomatic/contagious, or is it safe for me to resume life with regular precautions? I’ve heard that some have delays of weeks or months with their smell returning fully but I don’t know if this means that they’re still carrying the virus...so I am trying to be as responsible as possible. 

Thank you 24F Asthma - Timeline of symptomsBackground of my medical history: I’ve experienced infectious asthma for most of my life and have been dealing with moderate-severe asthma this past year (literally the worst timing I know.) So I’ve been avoiding COVID like nothing else for fear of asthma making the respiratory infection even worse. So that’s my framework.

Fiancé started feeling sick 9/4, Test came back 9/9 positive. I began showing symptoms 9/8, and considered a probable positive regardless of not being tested. Throughout this whole experience I was taking OTC Severe cold and flu medication both during the day every 4 hours and at night. I also used my Symbicort daily inhaler to help manage my asthma as well as my albuterol rescue inhaler on days when my peak flow readings were low. 

9/8: Symptoms onset. Awoke multiple times in the middle of the night to severe chills, but was too tired to get up and check my temperature. Temperature that morning/rest of day ranges between 100-101.5. Some of the worst body aches and fatigue I’ve ever experienced, took a 3-4 hour nap and still felt exhausted. Had a pretty nasty sinus pressure headache for most of the day that carried into the next. Chills and fever were pretty bad, but no other symptoms had developed yet.

9/9: temperature stayed between 99-100. Not experiencing as many chills or feverish feelings which was good. Started to develop a cough producing some mucus. My peak flow readings dropped a tiny bit this day but my oxygen levels were normal. Little chest tightness but may also be from sinuses being blocked up. Still a lot of fatigue, slept like a baby I was so tired. Sense of taste and smell at 50% capacity.

9/10: peak flow readings are closer to normal today, and my oxygen levels are still normal. Taste and smell completely gone. My muscles, particularly my back, are in incredible pain. Still slightly fatigued but not as bad as the last two days. My nose is completely blocked and my cough is producing a little bit more mucus, but still feels like a more dry cough than my fiancé’s who’s a couple days ahead of me. My chest feels tight but nothing out of the usual when I was first trying to maintain my asthma. Still have my appetite, which hasn’t faltered at all the last 2 days. 

9/11
Woke up feeling super hazy and weak. Peak flows and oxygen levels were fine. Chest felt a little tighter today than prior but not unlike anything I’ve felt with my asthma before it was maintained. A lot more mucus production today. It was THICK, which was super interesting. A lot of general fatigue today and a lot of coughing. By the evening my chest was SUPER tight. Peak flow/oxygen was still normal though. 

9/12
Woke up with a lot more phlegm and much wetter cough than any day prior. Peak flows were a little lower but that was expected with all the mucus. Oxygen levels were still normal. Feel a little less hazy but still noticeable. I felt nauseous as ALL hell today. My muscles felt super weak and I felt overall very physically unstable. I was absolutely miserable.

9/13
Woke up and chest was still super tight. I don’t know how to describe it other than it feels how your other muscles are when they’re tight. A little constraining but not over problematic. My oxygen levels are still around 98. This was the first day my peak flow was way over the healthy range which is good. Temperature is normal.

9/14
Temperature was normal, peak flow healthy, and oxygen was normal. Increasing chest tightness each day, enough for me to actually be a little nervous. Finally called my pulmonologist’s nurse for suggestions on chest tightness, the doctor didn’t get a chance to call me back. Got my hands on some mucinex toda my to help the cough along and get some of the mucus out of my chest. The expectorant seemed to really help clear out my chest congestion and aided the tightness. Got about 5% of my smell back, but not taste.

9/15
Woke up today and my chest was still SUPER tight. Temp was normal-99, peak flow was healthy and oxygen floated around 98-99% all day. My taste has started to come back too! My doctor never called me back for treatment of the tight chest, but the mucinex has been helping thin my mucus so I’m not hacking as much. Mostly just my chest today, which is good but it also makes me feel weak. Quarantine is supposed to end in two days so we’ll see if it gets better! Going to call my doctor back tomorrow to see if he has anything for me!

9/16-9/18
Peak flows normal, oxygen normal. My one large remaining symptom was chest tightness and cough. Overall felt a lot better. Isolation ended on 9/18.

Now, a few days after my isolation has ended:
My numbers are all still normal. My body is still struggling to keep up with return to normal activity, which is definitely expected. My taste and smell are very rapidly coming back which is exciting! Overall feeling mostly good with this stupid cough that still won’t go. As I stated before I have moderate-ish asthma that’s been really acting up for the last year. I was terrified of catching this since March. I think my experience (someone who should’ve really struggled) really just shows how little we know about this virus and how unpredictable it can be. Please keep wearing your masks and socially distancing. I hope you all are well and recovering if you’re sick. If y’all have any questions I’d be more than happy to answer! Possible Solution For Long Haulers[removed] Symptoms suddenly mostly disappeared is that good or bad?[removed] I had covid? Or it was something else?[removed] Weird back motionsHello everyone long time lurker of this sub. I wanted to ask does anybody get this up and down 'wavy' sensation in their back when laying down? I also get it when i flip and my abs feel the same.  I also get this weird tingling vibration in my legs and they feel burning hot sometimes. Did anybody get a diagnosis for this? Thank you If I didn’t have access to a test I would definitely have assumed I had COVIDDay 1: Sore throat 

Day 2: Sore throat (even worse than day 1, can barely swallow without intense, sharp pain) 

Day 3: Headache, cough, back ache, as the day progressed I lost my sense of taste and smell. Booked a test for the afternoon. 

Day 4: Early in the morning I woke up really hot and decided to take my temperature, 38.91 degrees C, other than that the symptoms were the same as Day 3. Had a call from the nurse at the hospital to check my symptoms, after going through the symptom checker she offered another test tomorrow and told me my whole household should be isolating now. That night my little one started coughing and was running a temperature, I called the hospital to see if there was anything I should look out for. Sadly it would be a case of waiting it out unless his temperature was not brought down by Calpol.

Day 5: Felt like shit, couldn’t get out of bed for barely anything. Luckily my husband worked from home and looked after our 6 month old as I couldn’t. I slept on and off all day. This is very uncharacteristic for me, I’ve never felt so sick I was unable to even get up and put a wash load on or something. I did drag myself out for the second test I had booked. Some mild GI issues. Little one had a temperature at night again which was brought down by Calpol.

Day 6: Felt infinitely better, still a bit headache-y, mild cough every now and then to clear phlegm (yum).

Day 7 (today): Feeling increasingly better, little one still has a cough and very snotty nose but no more temperature, I yawned and my ears popped, sense of smell and taste came back, got test results back and they were negative. 

If you had asked me on day 5 what the matter was I’d have been convinced it was covid. When I was on the phone to the nurse at the hospital she was going through a list of symptoms and pretty much every single one I replied “yes” to, she was convinced I had covid. Everyone I spoke to was convinced, my mum who also works at the hospital was telling me that the symptoms I was experiencing were not good news. 

The reason I wanted to share my experience is that I’ve been worried about those stories from people who state that they have been re-infected with covid for a second time, however they often start with the fact they were “presumed positive” the first time round due to a lack of testing. If testing was not available this week I’d have been “presumed positive” when actually both tests came back negative. Wear your masks! What does presumed positive from a test mean?My sis got this... Looking for advice for a long term sore throat/cough I've had as a result of COVID.I believe caught the virus early, when people were first hoarding toilet paper and the like. I was sick for roughly 2 months, with severe cold like symptoms. No shortness of breath or loss of smell, but most of the other symptoms. No hospitalization. 

While the bulk of the symptoms have long since disappeared, I've had a painful sore throat and a mild cough since then. It's been roughly 6+ months now. I've seen 4 different doctors (including a specialist), but none of them have been able to help.

I did get tested, but by the time testing was available to me, it had already been a few months, and I tested negative (not antibody test). I assume it was COVID nonetheless due to the extremely long term throat issues I've been having, and the timing of my initial illness. None of the doctors I've seen were willing to discuss the possibility of this being COVID related as they just don't know enough to make a judgment on that.

I've been taking heartburn medicine with meals (on doctor's suggestion) for a few months, but it hasn't helped. I also don't get actual heartburn, and my diet is pretty mild. I've been taking anti-mucus meds as one doctor suggested a mucus build-up can lead to throat irritation, but it hasn't made too much difference, and I still get phlegm (though not enough to spit it up or anything). I also tried allergy meds for a month or so, but again, no help. I've been using prescription nasal spray, but that also hasn't helped.

I've avoided foods that cause phlegm buildup such as dairy. Lot's of hot tea and chicken soup to ease the discomfort, but it's only helpful while I'm consuming it, and quickly wears off.

I'm looking for any advice or suggestions from people who have had similar symptoms and discomfort. After 6+ months of a sore throat, I'm at my wit's end. I just want this to end, but I can't find any helpful advice, either online or from medical professionals.

If anything here falls outside of this sub's rules, please let me know and I'll edit it out. I picked the flair that seemed most appropriate, but none of them really fit the bill. Thanks in advance. If Post, Full-on Covid Immunity only last for 3 Months, how is a vaccine going to last any amount of time?Some Long haulers are posting reinfections/positive re-testing after 6 plus months of recovery time. 

How will a “weaker” form or attenuated vaccine give patients any sort of immunity if the actual illness can be caught again after three months. 

(Longhauler here, six months two days. Getting retested tomorrow) Are false positives possible?I (27F) started to feel sick on Sunday and lost my sense of taste around Tuesday. I thought it was just a sinus infection but decided to get tested Wednesday. I’m still waiting for results and feeling better so I went for a rapid test today and it came back positive. I’m hoping my other test comes back negative but I’m feeling that’s unlikely now. Any thoughts? Pneumonia?Hi guys I'm a healthy 30 year old female. No underlying health conditions ...I live in the SF bay area. The smoke was polluting the air for 4 weeks straight. I started developing shortness of breath and having coughing fits. So I had a Dr appt and they put me on Albuterol since I wasn't having fever or chills. Then Weds I felt feverish and very weak. Got fever of 100.0 Called Dr ASAP and set up another appointment to come to the respiratory clinic.  Got tested for COVID...my oxygen was on the low side, 95%  and had a fever for a 3rd day. Now they xrayed my chest and found pneumonia. Put me on Zitromax and Flovent inhaler. I feel weak, have low grade fever and I have little appetite...smelling weird smells too...and I'm having chest pain and pressure. Trouble sleeping. It might be 3 more days before I get my COVID test results. Do you think I could have covid19? My partner is a front line worker- a dental hygienist. Antibody test confusionThought I had COVID last spring. Took a COVID antibody test in August, came back negative. Didn't see the actual numbers. I've been around a lot of people with COVID so I retook both the antibody and swab test. waiting on the swab test, but the antibody test came back negative but said my SARS - Coronavirus 2, IgG Ab Index was &lt;3.8 AU/mL, when the standard range would be &lt;15.0 AU/mL. Does this mean I had COVID but don't have a lot of antibodies right now, or that I didn't since thee test came back negative? My mother likely has CovidHello, is there a way to prevent myself and my other family from getting it if my mother lives in the same house? Any success stories with this? Waiting on test results, supposed to be here this morning maybe. I feel like a lunatic but I'm hoping it's positive. I just want an explanation for all the seemingly random symptoms.The last two weeks have been a roller coaster. Got off work in the morning and suddenly had blinding abdominal pain. It was REALLY bad. Got home and threw up pretty soon after, and then got diarrhea. I had a gastric bypass and it's typical for your gall bladder to kill itself eventually after so I thought I was having an attack and decided to wait it out. 

Five hours later, no improvement on my nausea or abdominal pain so I went to the ER. They did a CT scan, chest x-ray and rapid covid test. Covid test negative, x-ray normal. CT scan looked like there may be a small intestine blockage, so they admitted me and I wasnt allowed to eat or drink. They finally decided the small intestine was just inflamed and it was the stomach flu. After starving me for 24 hours they sent me home, and I felt decent.  

After that started developing what seemed like a sinus infection. I get them all the time, this would be my fourth since December. Worked my 3 12 hour shifts then tried to do a telehealth visit to get antibiotics. Doctor is not happy at all with the rapid test and refuses to do anything until I get a real test. Okay fine. Go to urgent care. They see no reason to do another test, give me antibiotics and send me home. That night, I start getting this tightness in my chest and a very very mild tickle in my throat causing a very slight cough. I've also got muscle aches all over my upper half but particularly my right shoulder blade. When I breathe deep I vaguely feel rattle-y. Go to another urgent care. Doctor says it sounds exactly like covid, symptoms are "very covid-y" and she hears the tightness in my chest. Does a regular test and says it'll likely be back in 48 hours. 

Since then I've had random shit come and go. Dizziness, muscle aches, sometimes a cough, sometimes not, sometimes chest tightness, sometimes GI upset. 

No fever. No lost of taste or smell.  

It'll be 48 hours at 10am and I'm supposed to work at 7pm. I'm aggravated and tired. At this point I want it to be positive so I can stay home and rest (covid or not, I am clearly ill with something) and so I can just have a *reason.* 

What do you guys think? Am I crazy? Does this sound covid-y to you all as well? Mostly I just need to talk to someone to run out the clock. I'm getting nuts. Should I do the antibodies test 7 months after symptoms ?I hope it's the right place to test my story. Before telling it, my whole support to everyone who is still fighting this virus. I'll try to make it short.

I'm a women, 27 years-old, with no comorbidities.

Unsure I got Covid-19, because my symptoms were in February. I came home to Europe, after a long trip to South America. People used to talk about how Corona was getting big in China, and I was a tiny stressed to pass through Madrid's airport ( I get easily anxious about my health). 

Anyways, 6 days after coming back, my throat starts to tingle, and then hurts. I get some fever at night, but the next day I'm better, just super tired, and my head hurts, my sinus are clogged up, my ears hurt a lot and my back too. It looks like a bad cold. My boyfriend gets a bit sick also, but his "cold " quickly disappears. At that moment, I didn't think about Coronavirus at all (to be honest, I never thought about it while being sick). 

My sinus start to feel less clogged up, but I'm still weak so I go to the doctor who tells me it's probably a virus that left me with a big sinusitis and give me antibiotics for 10 days (Ammoxicilline). I loose sense of smell and taste mid February, while on antibiotics. I don't smell bleach or vinegar or anything. After taking my medication (that made no difference), I go back to the doctor, really scared this time (but again not with Corona, more like "WTF is going on with me? ")  The doctor is surprised and gives me another antibiotic (don't remember which one). He tells me if it dosen't work, I should get tested to the hospital to check what bacterias I have inside. Finally around the 2nd of march, I start to get my smell back, like really slow. I go one last time to the doc, who just gives me the advice of being really cautious because the coronavirus is slowly starting to be active in my country, and "I don't want to be sick again". 

Anyways, then lockdown, and I am still a bit weak. I felt really recovered around the beginning of April. I never felt that sick in my life. And for so long. 

Could it be Corona? Mid April, I contacted my doc (on the phone - I moved) he was pretty evasive about it being eventually Corona like "it could be, but who knows". According to the media, the first cases of COVID 19 in my European Country started around January, earlier than what they initially thought. I also read that for young patients, it usually stays the ORL sphere and dosen't go down on the lungs. 

Should I do the test ? I would like to give plasma, if positive, but would my anti-bodies will still be present 7 month after ? Did someone do the test 7 months after ? Does my story match anyone's around here? 

tldr: Not sure if Corona because it was in February, when the epidemic hadn't started in my country. Wondering about doing the anti-bodies test or not. Wanted to check if someone had similar story ( in Europe) 6 months slowly recovering and now some symptoms have returned.Caught Covid in early March and I’ve been slowly getting better with issues improving. But two days ago I noticed I had a low grade fever/chills and I began to feel sick again, some gi issues have returned, a mild headache and I lost my appetite a bit. This has continued since Wednesday. I haven’t had my of these symptoms particular in months. Is this just a new relapse or have I been reinfected? which I’m so worried about. I did see the doctor at the weekend but I haven’t been out other than then. I’m waiting to get another test. Is this Covid-19 and which test to take?In late July I started experiencing dizziness / vertigo, fatigue and headaches.

I've had these symptoms ever since, excepting maybe a week in August when I temporarily got better before the symptoms came back.

My other symptoms include tinnitus, fullness in the right ear (now mostly resolved), sensitivity to sound, muscle aches and joint pain, jaw pain and acid reflux. I've had mucus in my throat, now mostly gone. I've vomited once (for the first time in a decade if not more). Upon waking up I experience brain zaps, which I understand to be micro-seizures, but those have now improved. Around mid August I believe I experienced auditory hallucinations over two days, and never since.

I've recently had otolaryngological exams done, my ears cleared of wax, a brain fMRI scan -- none showed anything to worry about. In mid August I had a blood test (normal). My oxygen saturation was 100%.

I'm 95% sure it's Covid-19, but would like some evidence, so I know to treat that and what to expect.

I live in the UK where PCR testing is available for free, but I can't get it because:

\- It's only available within the first 5 days of symptoms occurring

\- You have to have one of the 'approved' symptoms: fever, cough or loss of sense of taste or smell. I don't have any of these. My temperature is actually lower, around 36.2C.

\- It's overrun and when trying to book it online, I get the message saying something like "We're currently busy, please try again later."

I can get myself tested privately and this can be a PCR or antibody test. Is there a point in doing a PCR test now, almost two months after the symptoms appeared? What about the antibody test? If it comes back positive, will that be useful? I might have contracted the virus earlier in the year and these symptoms could still be something else. I'm 70% sure I have COVID.I got tested yesterday morning, took work off yesterday and today. I'm checking the app they use like a madman to see if my results are in yet. It started out as a dry throat than progressed to what feels like a really bad cold. Dry sore throat, nasty cough, slight difficulty breathing, splitting headache, congestion, nonstop runny nose. Only thing that's stopping me from being 100% sure I have it is that I haven't had a fever or loss of taste/smell. I really hope I'm wrong though and it is indeed just a cold. How to know when it's time to get a test?Hi All,

I am seriously contemplating getting a COVID19 TEST this week. Long story short, I am having symptoms...sore throat, cough, chest burning, fatigue, stomach problems and today I feel very off....sweating a lot even though my AC in my place is on and it's 70 degrees cool in here.

I also have allergies and live in the SF bay area, near Santa Clara County. The smoke finally cleared the atmosphere and the sir is finally breathable. But we had 4 weeks of bad air quality here and so I'm wondering if I might just be having residual effects from smoke? The sweating and sore throat is weird. My temp is hovering aeiund 99.3 degrees. 

Went to Dr Monday and they gave me albuterol for coughing attacks. I had one coughing attack prior to the smoke this month. 30 mins of non stop coughing. I have allergies but no diagnosed asthma (yet) I'm 30 and healthy with no underlying conditions.

I've been on and off furloughed since May. I live with my partner. We have really been respecting quarantine and declining big indoor gathering invitations. Besides work, 1 beach trip and one outdoor dining experience for my bday, we have been inside. We get groceries and toiletries/ take out 1-2x a week. I sanitize the home and my phone daily. My partner is a dental hygienist and works in people's mouths and I'm a pre K teacher. 

Would you suggest I get tested? Thank you. I feel very off. I can't tell if this is allergies or what. They say COVID was going around the bay area possibly in December or January ...I got sick 3 times between December and February. I may have already had it because despite getting the flu shot, I got what seemed like a flu with bad body aches, stomach issues, fever and extreme fatigue.

Amy advice would be great. Thanks. My journey thus far. 23 M. Asthma. Overweight. Relatively active.Hello everyone. So somebody my mom works with stupidly came in after her husband and children all tested positive. This woman is now a confirmed positive as well. This exposure was about a week ago. 

9/14 - My mom starts to feel like she has a sinus headache. She’s coughing and has pressure. No fever. She insists to me that it’s not Covid. I still try my best to stay away from her and wear a mask in the house. 

9/15 - Getting a little worse. Coughing and sneezing more. Sore throat. 99 degree temp which is a little high for her. 

9/16 - she schedules a telehealth today and will hopefully get tested today. I’ve been acting as if she’s positive so I haven’t left the house. My dad (58. High blood pressure. Overweight. Diabetes) and my Gf (24 healthy) also live with us and don’t feel any different.  Out of nowhere I get such bad lower back and leg pain that I can barely walk. I assume I hurt my back. 

9/17 - I wake up today and my back seems worse. I can feel like I’m going to get a sore throat. No cough or breathing issues. No fever yet. I try to drink an Arnold Palmer and it doesn’t really taste like much. I am not planning on leaving those house anytime soon. My dad has been trying to stay away too. 7 Months (almost) Long HaulerFor starters, I'm a 22 year old guy with relatively good health. I've had slightly high blood pressure, but that's the only health problem that I've dealt with prior to Covid19. Covid hit me at the very beginning, within days there were hundreds if not thousands of cases in California. Oregon, where I live, started having community spread cases. I was playing basketball, and got home, and started to feel extremely sore. I layed in bed for most of the next day, I couldn't do anything with how sore I was. And then the chest tightness began. It was extreme, my nose also began to feel blocked. As if no matter how hard and frequently I blew, it wasn't providing any relief, although a lot of snot was coming out. This continued for a week. The doctor said I was showing symptoms of Covid 19. I finally got tested 3 weeks later, and it came back negative.

My symptoms were: 

* Low fever
* Chest Tightness
* Breathlessness to where I feel my lungs weren't bringing in a full breath
* Stabbing pains at bottom of rib cage and around heart area, and back
* White foamy mucus
* Heartburn
* days of diarrhea being my only bowel movements
* And of course all of the other aforementioned things.
* Extreme panic attacks (never had panic attacks in my life prior)
* I also had a weird spot etched into my vision (that's gone now)

This all started at the end of February for me. The doctors thought it could be heartburn and gave me medicine for it that did nothing. They said that it could be allergies, so I've taken allergy medication, and limited my time outdoors, and that didn't do much if anything at all. And now I'm still brining up white, foamy mucus around the clock, and deep down in my throat where my neck meets my collar bone, it feels tight and sometimes sore.

Once all of the wildfire smoke has cleared up I will go see a doctor determine what's wrong with me. I also used to smoke weed but now every time that I take a hit, my tongue feels numb and I feel like I can't breathe very well, I'm thinking it might be because of inflammation from the Covid combined with the weed.

**TLDR:** Still experiencing what is the likely fallout of Covid (or possibly some other health complication?) and feel as if my health has been permanently altered with no end in sight, after 7 months. At 22 years old. Yay.....[removed] inflamed hearti (20M) first started experiencing symptoms a couple months ago and today i got admitted into the hospital for an inflamed heart. not sure what is gonna happen next. this crap just won't stop lol. keep fighting everyone! i know i am! Taste and smell issuesHey, just waiting until i get my test back but every symptoms seems to be covid friendly. I feel pretty exhausted and i have no Idea if i lost my taste and smell sense? I tried to cook something with garlic and it is always pretty intense but i didn’t smell nothing just nothing. so I decided to try a parfume test and Nothing changed. How long does it take to get my senses back? Tested postive by PCR test. Negative forHey folks. Soo a little insight, 3 and some weeks ago I and my BF got randomly tested, we had no symptoms (I’m in europe, you can do that here). My BFs test came back negative and mine came back postive. To be honest I was quite shocked, lol. Week later, EVERYONE who I came in contact with was tested negative. During these 3 weeks, my boyfriend (which whom I live - we did not quarantine from each other, just tried not to kiss and so on) got tested each week since he was living with me and every test he took came back negative. 

After 14 days, since I had no symptoms I was released from quarantine without getting a PCR test (again, this is the way they do it in my country). I have a lot of old relatives so I decided to pay for what’s called a “complex immunity response to COVID” which tests iga, igm and igg antibodies and basically shows you in what kind of Covid stage you are in. Anyways, today, the test came back negative. All antibodies were below the “cut-off” level. There though, still were some. The cut off level on the results shows that it was &lt;11, my igg was 6,5 and igm 3,6. 

Can anyone tell me what does it mean? Does it mean I have some antibodies since the levels are not 0, but there are not enough to be considered “positive for antibodies”? Or does it mean I did not have corona and the test was false-positive? What are your thoughts? 


Tl;dr - No symptoms, got tested positive by PCR test, my boyfriend with whom I live with along with everyone I was in contact with was tested negative. After 3 weeks I went for antibody test, which came back negative (“cut off” level was &gt;11, mine was 6,5) . Thoughts? How can this happen? Tested positive by PCR test, no symptoms. 3,5 weeks later got an antibody test which came back negativeHey folks. Soo a little insight, 3 and some weeks ago I and my BF got randomly tested, we had no symptoms (I’m in europe, you can do that here). My BFs test came back negative and mine came back postive. To be honest I was quite shocked, lol. Week later, EVERYONE who I came in contact with was tested negative. During these 3 weeks, my boyfriend (which whom I live - we did not quarantine from each other, just tried not to kiss and so on) got tested each week since he was living with me and every test he took came back negative. 

After 14 days, since I had no symptoms I was released from quarantine without getting a PCR test (again, this is the way they do it in my country). I have a lot of old relatives so I decided to pay for what’s called a “complex immunity response to COVID” which tests iga, igm and igg antibodies and basically shows you in what kind of Covid stage you are in. Anyways, today, the test came back negative. All antibodies were below the “cut-off” level. There though, still were some. The cut off level on the results shows that it was &lt;11, my igg was 6,5 and igm 3,6. 

Can anyone tell me what does it mean? Does it mean I have some antibodies since the levels are not 0, but there are not enough to be considered “positive for antibodies”? Or does it mean I did not have corona and the test was false-positive? What are your thoughts? 


Tl;dr - No symptoms, got tested positive by PCR test, my boyfriend with whom I live with along with everyone I was in contact with was tested negative. After 3 weeks I went for antibody test, which came back negative (“cut off” level was &gt;11, mine was 6,5) . Thoughts? How can this happen? I have it againI had strong and prolonged Covid symptoms in March, presumed positive by doctors but no testing was available. 

My partner became sick 4 days ago, and I’ve had every symptom I had at the start in March- stomach issues, crushing headache, diarrhoea now I’m burning up and starting to wheeze. How can this be happening? I can’t get a test now either, it seems to be a disaster in the UK. 

Has anyone been positive twice? My mind is blown and I’m a little bit scared of what might come. It doesn’t feel like a relapse or whatever you want to call it this time (I’ve had a one or two) After two hospital visits, 3 doctor visits, 4 blood tests, 2 negative tests, and a trip to the cardiologist, it seems I finally found the culprit.If you look at my post history, you will see the frantic searching and investigating I've done to figure out what this thing was. I tested negative twice for the virus. My symptoms were most likely considered mild but then moved to moderate because I was a fool and decided to do vigorous exercising. My primary care didn't think it was the virus. I finally went to a cardiologist today to get my heart checked out. It looked like the virus was affecting my heart during the ER visits. The cardiologist didn't find anything wrong today which is a good thing. He thinks it was quite possibly Covid-19. The tests are pretty inaccurate. And the antibody are inaccurate too. He  talked about me going to get tested for the antibodies, but he thinks it's just a waste of time because of the inaccuracies. He says Covid-19 is more of a clinical diagnosis because of all the inaccuracies and problems with the testing. 

Now that I've pinpointed that Covid-19 was likely the cause of my symptoms. Should I cut back on exercising for now? I've been running 8 miles a day but I'm worried that a complication can arise. It's been almost 2 months since my symptoms started. My worst symptoms stopped after a week, but there are somethings that are still hanging around like fatigue, and some mucus. I have been running insanely well considering I had the virus. But I don't want to go through what I did again. 3 Negative Tests, But SymptomaticI don’t understand. 

I developed a mild fever 9/7, got tested (neg) 9/10. Got tested twice with different types 9/13 (neg) since fever was still present. Sore throat and mild earache. Nausea, lack of appetite... mind fog, mild dizziness. I tire out super quick. 

Anyway. Since I tested negative I’m expected to work (wfh sales) but I feel like crap a few hours in. 

Thoughts? Doctor thought for sure based on symptoms I’d be positive. 

I can’t not work- especially without a positive test. 

Do you think I am a mild positive and it’s just not showing up? If it’s not covid wth is it?!? COVID presenting like sinus infection?Hey there,

Wondering if anyone has had the virus present itself similar to a sinus infection. I had a bit of a scratchy throat and mild cough on Saturday which then turned into headache/pretty intense sinus pressure and eye pain by Sunday. Stayed in bed, no fever and cough never worsened (went away by late Sunday) but symptoms were very similar to a sinus infection. I think the worst was the pressure in my eyes and feeling of congestion in my head though I could breathe fine. By Monday/yesterday, I had totally lost my sense of smell and taste but symptoms were still relatively mild. Today I'm fatigued and have a bit of lower back pain and similar sinusitis-like symptoms. I have this specific sort of "smell" in my nose despite not being able to smell anything and am wondering if anyone has experienced this. Anybody here from the Atlanta area that knows a doctor that is taking the covid patients seriously?I live outside of atlanta and im having a difficult time finding doctors that take my symptoms seriously. Could not get tested because of test shortage early in pandemic. Was diagnosed with pneumonia in april after a trip to the ER, did a bunch of heart tests in may and cardio told me he didnt find anything until i pushed for MRI in august because of chest pain which revealed myocarditis. I switched cardiologists and gave me medications that are making me feel better but I still got lung issues too but pulmonologists aint doing shit. Drop doctor names in the comment section if you think they could help thank you i think i have the ‘ronaso a little back story i’m a 20 year old male, healthy, vape but have terrible anxiety. i was over at my cousins house last weekend drinking and having a good time around the fire, went home and did the normal. monday-wednesday pass by and here comes thursday, i got home from work at about 4ish and decided to take a nap but when i woke up at 6ish i was clearing my throat left and right and was also kind of coughing. didnt think anything of it so i woke up on friday with the same symptoms just a little worse of a cough. friday night i’m over by my buddies and my cousin calls me to tell me they have all tested positive so i start freaking out (i have bad health anxiety). i’ve been keeping track of my symptoms so here they are. i also got tested today 9/13 and results should be back tomorrow or tuesday.

9/4-9/9- diarrhea

9/10 thursday- clearing throat, cough, body ache and diarrhea 

9/11 friday- clearing throat, sore throat, cough, body ache and diarrhea 

9/12 saturday- woke up in the morning with panic attack, sore throat, cough, mucus in throat, tight chest, nostrils feel like i’m breathing in cold air, chills

9/13 sunday- tight chest, sore throat, cough, runny nose, breathing in cold air through nose and loss of appetite

i will continue to update symptoms and if anyone has any questions or would like to talk feel free to message me AnxiousMy boyfriend tested positive for COVID today, so I know for sure I’m going to test positive too. Doctor is having me get a test tomorrow. I have insane anxiety and I’m really really scared about this virus and what it’s going to do to my body. Can anyone help put my mind at ease? I’m so fucking depressed.It just won’t go away. I don’t know how much more I can take it. Should I still wait the 10 days before I interact with others?On 9/5 I got hit with a fever. This peaked the next day, 9/6 where it went up to 104 and I was so tired. Like I had negative energy. I couldn’t even get the remote to change the channel. On 9/7 it was slightly better, but still around 101-102. On 9/8 it went away at some point during the day and I have felt fine ever since (I never had any other symptoms but the fever/muscle ache). 


On 9/9 (4 days after the start of the fever, but no fever at this point) I was tested for coronavirus as my doctor figured it was coronavirus. On 9/11 I was confirmed negative. 


Should I still wait the 10 days before I emerge from my house? I really don’t know what else caused a fever for days, but the test was negative. My doctor has never actually called me to tell me the results, I just happened to find it through the online portal. negative anti body testHi 21 year old healthy male here I was wondering if the antibody test is really accurate or not? I was presumed positive by my dr. May 10th is it because I have long lasting symptoms still from it the numb limbs went away but I am dealing with extreme fatigue,High heart rate way better than before when I first had it,my heart rate would get really high when trying to sleep and one other thing I am dealing with is brain fog. Feeling SO Tired even to Breathe! POST COVID (31M)[removed] Presented Long Covid research to the WHO &amp; NIH! And: a request for your data!Hi everyone!

My name is Hannah. I was a healthy 32-yo who got sick on March 25th. I have had (fairly) mild respiratory symptoms (though had lung burn, the feeling of a band around my chest, difficulty taking full breaths until June) but have pretty bad neurological ones - my first symptom was actually that I couldn't read a text message, and those type of cognitive symptoms (along with tachycardia/heart issues) have continued throughout the past 5.5 months (on day 173 now, still sick!). 

I am part of a patient-led research group, and we put out a first survey back on May 11th, before anyone was studying us. http://patientresearchcovid19.com/ We had a huge impact - we helped get the long haulers into the news in June and July, we presented the research to the WHO, CDC, NIH, the UK Parliament cited us in their first acknowledgment of Long Covid, and we were cited in the British Medical Journal (a renowned medical journal) 4 times, including in their initial guidelines on how to treat those with Long Covid.

This brings me to now - we have just released our second survey. We're looking at close to 200 symptoms, as well as antibody testing, neurological issues, mental health issues, allergy/medication weirdness, and SO many other things that we (and you all) have been observing over the past 6 months.

http://uclcovid19.fra1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_cZ9liD5VzHqkhZb?source=reddit

We are translating this into 15 languages and are hoping to get 10,000 responses to show how widespread prolonged recoveries are (we've just passed 1,000!). I would really appreciate you all filling this in as well. This is for anyone who has had COVID for at least 1 week - NO POSITIVE TEST REQUIRED. 

We need responses from everyone, but we particularly need responses from the below groups:
1) people who have recovered
2) men
3) people of color
4) people from outside of the US/UK

If you know anyone who has been sick, please send this to them!

If you want to be notified when the translated versions come out (French, German, Spanish, Bengali, Hindi, Persian, Romanian, Portuguese, Russian, Italian, Tamil, Arabic, Indonesian, Hungarian, Swedish), please send me a DM! 22 weeks, 5+ months later and still feel high everyday and having difficulty pronouncing wordsDoctors don't know what to do with me here. Haven't been in a place that's been hit real hard like Nyc so no clinics or treatment for post viral stuff. Past few weeks been dealing with some intense kidney pain. I think my body will end up being fine, I can walk and go to the store no problem. The neuro stuff is starting to freak me out tho since it's been 5 months and only a little improvement (I can listen to music now as for awhile it was incredibly distasteful which is odd bc I really like music). I feel so cognitively slow and it's making me depressed bc I use to like reading and learning. I'm 21 and just want to go to college and make a life for myself but now everyday I feel completely  stoned and so cognitively impaired or I'm in unbearable pain. All general lab work turned out normal at 6 week and 12 week mark. I tested neg for antibodies, but doc says no denying I had it but a different doc gaslight me told me I never had covid to begin with.  Since it's been 5 months, how concerned should I be? And what do y'all reccomend? Waiting it out more? Or finding someone who can help (if that person even exists in Minnesota). I have COVID-19 symptoms, but my parents think they are psychological.It has been 3 days since I started to develop symptoms of fever not exceeding 100 f, back ache, dry cough, sore throat and fatigue. However, my parents believe that it is all psychological and make fun of my self isolation. They often breach my self isolation by coming to my bedroom and saying “That’s all anxiety” They state that I had limited contact with people in the last 2 weeks and it is impossible for me to get it. What should I do? I talked to a doctor and he said that I should watch my symptoms. Should I get tested? I’m concerned that if I don’t have COVID I may get it at hospital. BMJ publishes post-covid management guide for doctors COVID with only GI symptoms?22F i have diarrhea for about a week now, had fever just one day, my body and stomach hurts sometimes, headache sometimes too. I went to the doc and he says i have for sure covid and that i have to get tested (and i will tomorrow), but i think it weird because I dont have cough or any other respiratory symptom. Could i have Covid with only diarrhea? Presumed Positive by Dr[removed] Alone and Scared[removed] Drop in TemperatureI just got tested today, and it usually takes 2-4 days to get the results back. I have had the general symptoms of covid// a cold: chills, body aches, feeling sick, extremely sleepy. However, one thing I have noticed is instead of having a fever, my body temperature has dropped to 35.5 (95.9-96F ). Is hypothermia or drop in body temperature a symptom of covid? Is this good // bad? process for regaining sense of smell?hey all,

hope this doesn’t break the rules but I’ve been feeling pretty isolated in my experience and am wondering if anyone else is able to weigh in.

i (22F) had symptoms in mid-March and tested positive for antibodies in April. I had every symptom except fever, and a different symptom per day (one day would be only coughing, the next only lethargy, etc etc).

anywho, the last and final symptom i experienced was anosmia, and i’ve been suffering ever since. i’m not a day-counter but that’s quite a few months. Like some others i’ve read, for the first couple months I tasted nothing at all. Then came a vile, alternative vaguery that persisted for a few weeks, coating every food.

now I’m at a stage where I have an extremely rudimentary understanding of flavor/smell. i can smell some things, like floral scents, but can’t process red meat and vanilla feels forever altered.

i guess in a weird way i’m slowly improving. but i’ve come here because after all the meds i’ve taken in an attempt to treat it, the only thing that’s helped is plain old $2 saline nasal spray. after i take that, i can smell everything again, perfectly! but only for a second or two.

has anyone had a similar experience? has anyone else not regained their sense of smell for this long?

tldr; haven’t regained my sense of taste/smell since mid-march. only thing that helps me is saline spray. wondering if anyone else has lost their sense of smell for this long, and what their process for regaining their senses was like. secondary contact with covid 19, vacation with parents? This morning, I had coffee outside with a friend, sat at a table for about an hour facing each other, a meter/3feet apart, maybe more, no mask.  
Later in the day she texts me that she had been exposed to COVID-19 yesterday while filming ( producer) an interview in someones living room (got a call from an epidemiologist in the afternoon) , she wore a mask throughout her stay there.

I'm supposed to go on a vacation with my parents (57 and 78 years old) with one car tommorrow. We live in separate households. Mom says it's too risky. What are your thoughts on the risk factor? Can't tell if I tested positiveMy test says 
VALUE: POSITIVE for 2019 nCoV
Standard range: Not Detected 
The test is contradicting itself Antibodies Pos and NegI had an antibody test for Covid19 three weeks ago that was positive at a titer of 28. I repeated it yesterday at another lab and was completely negative. Who do I believe?  Are false positive or false negative tests more likely? Do I keep getting tested until I get 2 out of 3? 4 out of 7? Is there one test that is most accurate? Thanks Symptoms of sensitive skinRecently my girlfriend tested positive and we live together so the Dr. said it’s safe to assume hers. 3 days in, first symptom my skin is sensitive to the touch. It’s like muscle aches but I just feel it on my skin? 

Is there any timeline of recovery? Like if you make it past x amount of days you’ll be okay? I have chronic bronchitis and am worried I’m getting a ticket to the underworld lol. Odd scenarioSo I’m almost certain I know exactly the day I got the virus if I do have it - 11 days ago. My friend who I got it from told me he tested positive so I went and got tested today as did my girlfriend. Here’s what’s weird, my gf and I live together and we both got swabbed and got antibody tests. My antibody test came back positive, hers came back negative. I’m starting to feel a little sick so I am almost positive I have the virus when my results come back in a few days. She on the other hand was able to get a rapid swab test, it came back negative. How is it possible that I have antibodies and she doesn’t? Or have the virus and not have given it to her. Presumed Positive in March, now significant cardiac issues. Yay.I'm presumed Positive from mid-March, prior to testing being available . Primarily gastric symptoms and fever and a fun set of COVID toes to round out my weird symptoms. Cleared up on its own after a week or two and went on my way.

Until 2 days ago I ended up in the ER with AFib and some totally fucked bloodwork. Got released and saw my cardiologist today. I went from a perfectly healthy 32 year old male to being diagnosed with heart failure. Due to no prior history of heart issues, no structural issues found and other stuff I don't understand, my doc diagnosed me with viral cardiomyopathy which caused prolonged swelling and reduced efficiency which led to heart failure. 

On the plus side, the outlook is pretty good given all factors and I should be back to normal in a few weeks of treatment.

But I figured it's worth posting both to vent and to advise everyone to get anything weird checked out. He said he's being seeing a lot of similar cases in the past 6 months and without going into AFib, I had no prior indication that something was wrong so I guess it's good I caught it now. Long term symptoms? (racing heartrate / SOB)Day 37

47F, Presumed Positive by doctor, initially tested negative, became symptomatic 3 days after my daughter (15f) tested positive - fairly healthy

History - mild/moderate symptoms day 1-6, resurgence 17-19

Last two weeks, I've noticed my heart races (Tachycardia) with ANY activity. Sometimes accommanied with shortness of breath. Sometimes feels like my heart is going to beat out of my chest. Walk to the restroom, HR 122. Sneeze, HR 115. Shower, 115. If I lie down and stay still, HR will return to normal (low/mid 60s).

Scheduled a visit with my primary doctor for bloodwork, EKG, and possibly ultrasound. History of family heart disease and aortic aneurysm.

Can anyone else comment on the heart rate issue? Does it go away? Thoughts from your doctor? What to ask Cardiologist? What tests to request?Hi guys, 26M healthy I had covid in April, long hauler finally recovering. Less sensitivity to diet (autoimmune protocol helped significantly), only symptoms I had was bad fevers, chills, tremors, on and off. Very brief moments of shortness of breath. Occasional fatigue, no brain fog, heart palpitations for some time with high heart rate spike, post viral heart inflammation I guess

Now that I’m recovering, I want to get all my appointments before covid cases gets potentially worse out there. I’m hearing a lot of concerns about the heart so I want to see a cardiologist &amp; see if it’s safe to exercise in a few months or if I need to wait a year. I mean I did have family history of diabetes and high blood pressure issues.

Live in Virginia with good health insurance. What are some questions I can ask the cardiologist? What kind of tests can I request to make sure the heart muscle isn’t deformed and it’s safe to exercise without getting a heart attack? Like an echo test? X-ray? MRI? Some 3D scan? Roomate positive and now I'm sure I am too.You know growing up you never thought something would happen to you because you're invincible and bad things only happen to other people? Well, I was one of those people and now I have the virus.  


I was fine last night. I woke up this morning and started coughing so hard I was gagging. I thought maybe it was just from the fan blowing on my face all night and drying out my throat.   


Few hours later I'm feeling chills and weakness. Now my whole body is on fire and I have a fever. I close my eyes and it burns.  


My roommate has been doing a good job wearing a mask around the house and sanitizing etc. but ultimately it was inevitable. How possible do you think it is to not get infected by someone you live with?

I haven't been tested yet but I know I have it. I haven't left the house since the health authorities called us few days ago and told us my roommate was positive and now we all can't leave the house because we need to isolate.  


Funny thing is, I went to the hospital a few times over the course of the last few months for other health-related issues and I was mandatory tested every  time (all three times...yeah..I'm lucky).  


I hope this doesn't get any worse by the time I wake up but the onset of my symptoms are getting worse -- faster.  


I have liver issues, so I hope this doesn't \*\*\*\* me up.  


:( IgG PositiveI did a rapid test today as I am having symptoms. High fever, sore throat, body pains, tiredness.

I tested positive for IgG and negative for IgM. From what I understand is I developed an antibody to fight the virus. But if I have an antibody, why does I still have symptoms? Month 6: Officially diagnosed with post covid related CFSThere's so many thing I want to say, but I'll try to stick to what could help others.

I've seen posts about how expensive it is to get proper help, so what did I have to do to get mine? Well all in all I had 10 doctor visits, I had to disregard almost all of their medical advice (anxiety, perfectly healthy, in need of HEAVY antibiotics), so what's the point? Well the thing with CFS is,  it's very hard to diagnose. At first an overwhelming number of other states need to be ruled out, which means a ton of examinations are necessary to get there. I got so tired of this all that I just started throwing money at the issue. Only went to see active established scientists etc. Sadly I must say it was worth it, because unlike regular doctors they were willing to listen und have an active, respectfull discourse.

The doctor to start the proper processes was the neurologist. If nothing else, go see a neurologist.

Mine has openly admitted that antibody tests, which I have a negative result from, are nonsense. The immune system has many other layers, so these tests are NOT the sole indicator for a diagnosis. In his mind there is zero doubt about what I had, even though it cannot be proven in the lab.

Now let's talk about treatment.

After having had enough of doctor visits without any trace of a solution, last week I did some changes that I feel have started to take effect. First off, I started to force myself to be more active, take long walks and a little excersize, accepting my fate of having to pay with heavy relapses. Second off, I started taking vitamin B-12 supplements. The reults of this is astounding and sure enough today my neurologist confirmed this is exactly the right path.

In my, personal case, I am on a ketogenic diet, which means almost no sugar/carbs. That includes flour, which has added B12 normally. Keto means you get your energy from fat and for that B-12 is used up. Covid can cause severe nerve damage, which also uses up B-12. And the most bizarre detail: Even if your bloodlevels show sufficient B-12 levels you might still be deficient because your storage is still empty, which seems to be the case for me. I cannot say with certainty, but my gastrointestinal issues went away two days after starting B-12 supplement and haven't returned for a week. My research indicates that the sort of neurological damage we need to heal literally requires B-12, so I strongly advise people to look into that.

My doctor advises to continue to fill up my B-12 storage for half a year with supplements, before IV treatment is considered, which would be the shortcut involving certain risks.

As for activity, he has given me a strict rehab plan. I will need to get up at 7:30, take a walk soon after. And presicely measure when and how hard relapses occur. The schedule is tuned into the cycle of hormone production in the body, which is honestly the best I can explain.

Anyway, I am seeing great improvement already and I hope it goes uphill from here. I hope that maybe for someone who struggles to find medical help, there's somethign helpfull in here. DizzinessI’ve been experiencing dizziness ever since having covid in April! I’m starting to get really concerned about it the nurse said it’s most likely a ear issue but I don’t know how to feel. I truly can’t afford to get a mri of my head. Guess I’m just terrified it’s a brain tumor instead of covid. Has anyone else been dealing with dizziness for a while? Found this video: I got a virus, I didn't die, but I never recovered. We are the #MillionsMissing.[removed] COVID Symptoms &amp; Testing NegativeI've had a low grade fever for a week now, tested negative right before symptoms started. Early on experienced fatigue, loss of appetite, diarrhea. I started to feel better 4-5 days in, but the low grade fever has persisted and I've now started having headaches, more of a cough, and some chest tightness. My 2nd test from 3 days ago just came back negative.  I kinda feel like I'm going crazy at this point.  I'm scared to be around too many people in case I have it and can give it to them, but if I actually had it, wouldn't at least one test come back positive?  Would it even make sense to get tested again?  Why am I having these symptoms if I don't have COVID? IgM Positive still after 2 weeks, can this be possible?Hello everyone,

So basically i just traveled back to my hometown because my mother was sick and she needed surgery so i wanted to be with her in case something went wrong. 

Anyways the thing is that i didnt want my parents to get something so i was the one in charge to go and get all the medical results and so on(i think this is where i got it as i needed to go to the hospital several times), so fast forward and the day my mom got surgery i went to the hospital and they required a quick test and then IgM came positive.

So i went back to my house directly and asked my brothers and parents to get tested and they came out negative, i stayed in my room for 2 weeks and then on saturday i went to get tested this time on a laboratory and then i received again the IgM positive and they told me that it shows as if the disease its starting but i never had any symptoms these past two weeks, nothing just a tickle on my throat for a day and that's it.

The doctor told me to wait another week just as a preventime measure but im already scared that i will never have the IgG positive or that maybe it detected another disease.

Anyone its on the same situation here?
Is it possible that the tests found another disease in me?

Thank you all! Recovery outline?Hello, hope this is the right sub for this. Me and my partner have coronavirus, symptoms aren't severe. We got tested at the same time, he was positive, it was negative. Definitely have it now but still awaiting another test result to confirm. Nearly a week in and we both feel we're still going downhill. All the usual symptoms and I'm really frustrated that I've completely lost my sense of taste and smell, partner hasn't. Does anybody know what the recovery process is like - what to expect and when we might start to get better? We live in Leicester UK (I know, terrible lol) which is an outbreak area, many of our friends contracted it from the same source at the same time so we don't know anybody who has been through it. When looking into it I mostly see clickbait nonsense which doesn't really help. I was told it would be better to post on this sub for this.  Thanks Friendly PSA: Fresh Air and Wash Water Bottles[removed] Why people dyingEver since i got tested i havent been able to work 
Buy food or see my regular doctors. I can see why people are dying feel like i been cast out of society...... cant wait for the results Father daughter Covid story in NYC[removed] Presumed positive back in March. Now I have a fever and I'm nervous.Very long post ahead. Just need to vent. 

30F here. No current underlying conditions that I'm aware of although I do have a history of bronchitis from when I was younger and I am a former smoker, so that probably counts for something. I tested negative but was presumed positive by my doctor back in March (tested several weeks after onset of symptoms). I had very classic symptoms that lasted for a long time, at least two months (cough, SOB, chest heaviness/tightness/pain, headache, sore throat, GI issues, low grade fever, shaking chills, heart palpitations/elevated BPM, etc.) and some lingered after I felt I had mostly recovered, especially the shortness of breath, chest pain, and elevated heart rate. It's now September and I still don't feel like my breathing has returned to what it was.

I was very, very cautious in the beginning not only because I didn't want to infect anyone else but also because I was terrified what I had maybe wasn't covid and then I'd get it and be even sicker. I started letting my guard down around Memorial Day once I started to feel like myself again by interacting with some friends, mostly outside, which led to dining outdoors, which I've done quite a bit of the last month. The last few days I was on a trip with my boyfriend, which involved taking a ferry ride to/from, staying in a hotel, and plenty of dining. I always wore a mask besides when dining/drinking. Tuesday night, I felt off. I started feeling very nauseous suddenly and had that heightened anxiety that often comes with GI illnesses (and for me, a lot of illnesses - often a marker for me that I'm getting ill). I also had cramping but no diarrhea. I figured maybe it was just anxiety and started to feel better, but while we were out to dinner that night, the nausea and cramping came back along with the panicky feeling. It subsided after a while once we got back to the hotel to relax.

The next day, yesterday, I felt mostly fine although I was very tired, but I also didn't sleep well Tuesday night and I'm always really tired to begin with. This morning I felt totally fine when I woke up. Good, even. I took a nap around 3pm only because I had the day off from work and was bored (napping is basically a hobby of mine), and when I woke up, I felt off again. Scratchy feeling in my throat/upper respiratory, weird headache, and feeling kinda feverish. I assumed it was just grogginess and dehydration so I chugged some water. Headache subsided but still had the feeling in my throat/top of lungs and still felt feverish. Those were the first symptoms I had in March, and then came the cough, and that time it weirdly also started after waking up from a nap. Decided to take my temp and it was 99.5, then 99.6, and ~20 minutes later it was 100.2. Now it's 100.4, so "officially" a fever. 

Anyway, I'm just scared and also feeling really defeated. I had a week-long stomach bug a couple weeks ago and ever since having been presumed positive in March, I never really feel healthy. I always have headaches and a sore throat, I'm always exhausted, my breathing is off, and I just really, really don't want to be sick again. Even if it's not covid, I just don't want to be sick. I'm worried about how I will fare if I catch something like the flu or even just a cold. I used to get bronchitis all the time with any cold/flu-type illness after having pneumonia when I was ten and that finally stopped happening a few years ago after I quit smoking. I'm worried that's going to be the case again and bronchitis is fucking miserable.

But I'm also worried about possible reinfection. I was sort of, and maybe naively, banking on some lasting immunity, which is why I've been going out more in addition to also living in an area of the US with a very low infection and transmission rate, and the reports on immunity I've been reading lately have been reinforcing that (aside from the few confirmed reinfections in the last couple weeks). I seem to have pretty lousy luck, though, and my immune system is definitely not the best by any means, so if someone were to experience reinfection, I wouldn't be surprised if it were me.

I just really hate this timeline we're in, like we all do. I was supposed to get dinner with my best friends tonight and if it were pre-covid times, I wouldn't have even thought to take my temperature and would have just gone. I couldn't risk it this time. I have plans all weekend that I was looking forward to but will need to cancel now. This week was the one vacation I took from work all summer and may not even be able to enjoy the rest of it and also have no idea what to expect if I am sick. Ugh. Fuck covid. Still waiting4th. I hope results dont slow down because of labor day Had my first COVID a related gaslighting by a doctorI’m a long hauler, sick since the first week of March. I got sick right at the beginning of the outbreak in my city, and due to lack of testing, I was never tested. As of now, I’ve spoken with four doctors who all believe that based on my symptoms and timeline, I definitely had Covid. 

I’m still having symptoms. My primary care (one of the four doctors I’ve seen who are all but lab-test-certain I’ve had it) referred me to multiple specialists to check out some of my long haul symptoms. All but one of them have been overwhelmingly helpful and supportive; they’ve listened to my symptoms and taken them seriously, and all have asked interesting intellectual questions related to their medical area, in that way that someone who is engaged and excited by their work would when presented with something new and different related to their area of expertise. 

Then I saw a urinary specialist this week. She told me repeatedly that since I did not have a confirmed positive test, I almost certainly did not have the virus. She told me that my symptoms were clearly stemming from anxiety and depression, and from me taking a break my ADHD medication. When I told her that my symptoms started BEFORE I stopped taking my meds, she shrugged. I didn’t even get to tell her that I’ve been taking ADHD meds for 14 years, and taking this specific medication for over 6 years, and I’ve taken breaks of up to multiple months before with no (urinary) problems (I definitely have ADHD related problems when I’m off my meds but absolutely NO physical symptoms - that’s a large part of why I take the meds I take, there is no withdrawal from not taking them)

She didn’t listen to my symptoms, she interrupted me before I could voice all my concerns. When I tried to tell her that I will likely having a lymph node biopsied because there is concern that I could have lymphoma after a concerning ultrasound last week, she waved her hands to get me to stop talking and said she didn’t care; “what you’re telling me is like going to a cardiologist and saying you have headaches. I am only interested in your pelvis.” Well I was about to ask her about lymph nodes in my groin, but fine lady, you have clearly already decided that I’m  peeing two dozen times a day because I’m anxious. 

(I think a good cardiologist WOULD be interested in the fact that you were having headaches...) 

My bowel habits have suddenly changed dramatically from my norm; they still fall into what is concerned “normal” for some people, but they are completely bizarre for me, I’ve never experienced this before and I’m quite alarmed by some of the sensations I’ve been having. I started to mention “constipation” and she said I was wrong because I’m still able to go *sometimes* so I should “just take Miralax and relax” 

I’m hurt and emotionally raw. I’ve never had something like this happen before. I’ve read about similar experiences that people here have had (with gaslighting doctors) and I’m so so sorry that anyone has ever had any experiences like this. It was horrible. I don’t know how to explain the situation to my primary care (who I love and trust), I’m worried that if I’m too critical it will come off as a personal problem like I wasn’t satisfied with her diagnosis but also if I’m too diplomatic I’ll end up seeing the gaslighter again. 

Has anyone overcome disbelieving doctors? Did you find another doctor? What did you tell the doctors who do listen? 

Thanks for listening to my rant. I can’t believe this is still happening. I'm 14 and most likely have covidI came to visit my family in north Carolina and I have been going back and forth from my dad's house to my aunt's. At the time my aunt was telling me how she lost her sense of taste/smell for 3 days. But I didnt think much of it. I left there and came to my dad's house. Who has kidney failure it's been about a week since I left but just yesterday 09/04/2020 I started to experience very sudden symptoms. I had diaherra the day before yesterday but didn't think much of it. But yesterday I woke up with a sore throat, I started coughing and I felt sick in bad just in general. I haven't had a cold let alone been sick since 6th grade. (I'm in 9th now)I could care less that I have it considering the fact that the chances of me dying are low. It's just my dad. He has kidney failure and I don't want him to die. I'm very scared, I love him so much and he has so much to live for and he should get a kidney by maybe my my 10th grade year. I'm going to get tested tomorrow. Thank you and goodbye. (22/F) purely GI symptoms timeline, waiting on test resultshi! i haven't seen much on here for people who have only had GI symptoms. i've been keeping track of my symptoms each day and thought i would share. just got tested today but i'm assuming it's covid anyway.

&amp;#x200B;

(8/21) **DAY 0:** a friend came over to my apartment (we had been pretty strict with isolating and felt comfortable..... 🤡 ) and the only place we went to was a gas station with my 2 roommates for some snacks/drinks. me and my friend came down with GI problems the next day, neither of my roommates did. thought it was a stomach bug until it lasted more than a couple of days.

(8/22) **DAY 1**: woke up to a VERY nauseous stomach. vomiting, diarrhea, chills, felt okay by like 3pm

(8/23) **DAY 2**: again woke up feeling nauseous, slightly better than the day before, diarrhea, vomiting technically but i kinda forced myself to because it made me feel considerably better after. felt better by the afternoon again and i did have a solid this day.

(8/24) **DAY 3:** again a little better than the day before, still nauseous in the morning and diarrhea, felt immensely better by like 1pm.

(8/25) **DAY 4:** same as day 3

(8/26) **DAY 5:** same again but a little better then yesterday. diarrhea not as bad, feeling better overall like i'm getting over it. my friend who was also sick told me they were over it by like this day or the next.

(8/27) **DAY 6:** same as day 5, continuing to feel like it's getting better.  don't have much of an appetite.

(8/28) **DAY 7:** same as days 5/6, sickness not as bad in the morning but still have loose BMs. no appetite. had trouble falling asleep this night.

(8/29) **DAY 8:** felt a little more sick this day than the last couple of days? nausea/diarrhea, and i distinctly remember my roommate cooking breakfast this day and the SMELL!!!! was like sending me over the edge. so that might play a part as to why i felt worse. and yet, i felt fine by like 1-2pm still. more trouble falling asleep this night.

(8/30) **DAY 9:** felt significantly better today. stomach was the slightest bit upset when i woke up but quickly passed. no diarrhea (yay)

(8/31) **DAY 10:** again feeling a lot better, stomach still slightly upset. had both diarrhea and a solid this morning (you win some you lose some). felt great by 12pm. tho i got mexican for dinner this night and the second i put my fork down i blew up the bathroom. getting tired of shitting out liquid

(9/1) **DAY 11:** FEEL SO MUCH BETTER! stomach again the tiniest bit upset but now it feels more like gas pains than nausea which is a win to me. felt immediately better that morning after going to the bathroom (as per usual i guess now). still don't have an appetite for a lot of foods but it's getting better (and i'm not complaining tbh i got that quarantine weight lol)

(9/2) **DAY 12:** (today) got tested today! stomach again the slightest bit upset but better than yesterday. still had diarrhea in the morning. appetite is coming back. otherwise feeling 99% better!

&amp;#x200B;

curious to see if anyone else was mainly only sick in the mornings like i was? even my appetite was usually a little better in the evening. i haven't had any respiratory symptoms, no headache, sore throat, never lost my sense of smell or taste, etc. i smoke (weed) and juul and had asthma as a kid so i'm pretty grateful for that. i keep saying that my body knew my lungs can't handle covid so it just decided to eat it instead and now i've been shitting it out for nearly 2 weeks lol! 

will update with my test results when i get them back, best of luck to everyone out there!! Long Hauler at 5 months - better but so far to goHi all,

After 5 months of this horrible experience I am so eager to post that I’m recovered and living my life again.  Sadly, I’m not there yet, but did want to share that I am finally stringing some days together where I can at least move around the house, drive to get a coffee and not be destroyed and end up back in bed for a week.   Since March 23rd I’ve been utterly wrecked.  Chest pain and fatigue so bad for 90 days I couldn’t even speak.  Well here we are in a September and the pain and fatigue went from a constant level 10 to now I have hours or days at level 1-2.  Sadly though, any real activity is still not possible.  As a 49M very fit, gym, sports guy - this experience has been the worst. Just wanted to share and here’s to everyone getting back to 100%! Should I be over this soon?Hi, I’m a presumed positive COVID case. I’m 24/M. Completely healthy. Non smoker. Non drinker. No pre existing conditions. Got my first symptoms I believe 8 days ago now on August 27th with sore throat and low grade fever. Have had really bad headaches off and on as well the last 8 days. Body/ Muscle aches and pains along with weird pins &amp; needles feelings everywhere. Highest my fever got was 100.0 and that was 3 days ago. Been fairly normal last day or so. Highest it’s got is 99.1 last 30 hours I’d say. Oh, also have had real bad fatigue off and on. Have felt decent today aside from a lingering sore throat that won’t seem to go away. So I’d say my case is pretty mild. My question is, how long should this sore throat last? And should I be worried there’s any chance of worsening after already being 8 days in at my age and health status? Developed shortness of breath and month after feeling first symptom and testing positive.I came up with loss of smell towards the middle of July (Only symptom I had). Tested positive 2 different times before testing negative about a month after that. (Most of my smell was back by then). Then, just this week I started feeling shortness of breath. In three days it only seems to have gotten slightly worse. Can’t get a full breath that gives you a satisfying stretch on command. Sometimes I’m able to achieve a full breath with much relief. 

It would mean a lot of I get some insight from someone that is or has gone through a similar situation. I’m getting pretty worried. Cuticles missing 5-6 months in?Hey everyone, hope we are well. Feeling great overall, considering. Just noticed this the other day though when looking at my nails, no cuticles? Anyone else notice similar? Cheers. False Negative Swab TestMy boyfriend and I were tested a couple days ago and got results back, and it said we were COVID negative. My boyfriend and I were shocked. My boyfriend has all the classic symptoms and I have everything except the fever too. 
Talked to some medical people and they said the swab test is only accurate for a short window and not everyone has COVID in their nose for the swab. Blood or saliva is more accurate, but it is not available in my state to ordinary citizens. My doctor could only find hospitals that did it and they didnt offer appointments to the public. 
My boss now believes I am COVID negative and is making me return to work. I'm terrified. My best friend works with me and she is pregnant. I dont want to get her or anyone else sick but my test says I'm "fine" to return to work. 
What the hell do I do? Sign this petition please Gastro onlyI live with my mother, she is in her 70s and had a heart attack last year. While she recovered very well from the heart attack (EF is 55) she's obviously in the high risk category for Covid.

10 days ago she was tested for Covid with a nasal swab, because she was about to have knee replacement surgery. The test was negative and she had no symptoms at that time. However two days after the test, she lost her appetite and had diarrhea. The next day she threw up. Thankfully that was the worst of it, within a few days her appetite came back. Now, on the 9th day of illness, she feels pretty much normal otherwise but still has some diarrhea. Hopefully that is on the way out too.

Her doctor's office thinks it's plausible she has a mild case of Covid, and that she caught it at the clinic when she got tested. She doesn't usually have these gastro problems and doesn't typically get sick much at all. We have both been isolating since the pandemic started, only curbside pickup for groceries, etc. Other than a few doctor visits neither of us has been around other people. I do the grocery pickups and briefly crack the window to confirm it's me, etc, but we're both wearing masks. 

She's been staying in her room 95% of the time. We've been using separate bathrooms since the pandemic started so no change was needed there. I wear a mask when I'm in the upstairs part of the house, and she wears a mask and gloves when she has to leave the bedroom area.

It's scary to think she caught Covid while being tested, because she was only in the clinic less than 10 minutes, and she thought it seemed very streamlined and safe. The only other possibility is that she caught it from me, but I've had no symptoms and as described, I'm not really around other people at all. We even spray down our groceries and mail, even though that's supposedly not necessary. So we're being about as careful as anyone could be who doesn't live in a cabin on a mountain or something.

Anyone else have a similar trajectory of gastro-only covid? how long did your diarrhea last? My Girlfriend thinks she has COVID...We hungout just last night and everything was fine. She texts me this morning saying she thinks she has COVID because she was "throwing up all night and has body aches all over", and is going to get tested today. I don't know if she has any other symptoms. Those are the only ones she mentioned.

We also have a beach trip scheduled for next thursday-saturday that I paid like $300 to reserve. I don't know wtf to do. I want to wait until she gets her results back, because if it's not COVID she'll probably feel better by next week, but on the other hand I'm I want to cancel immediately because I won't get my money back if I wait too long (I might not even get it back at this point...).

Jesus Christ. This is the worst timing... And on top of that, if it IS COVID we can't see each other for 2 weeks AND I have to get tested AND if I have it I can't work for 2 weeks.

Side note: I don't have any symptoms (except the overwhelming stress I'm currently feeling).

Any advice??? Chest pain, coughing, and trouble breathing 5 months later23/F, very active, no pre-existing conditions, BMI 21

I believe I had COVID in March. Testing was not set up efficiently in my city at that time, so I could not confirm that I had it. I had a fever, chest pain, sore throat, fatigue, dry cough. It lasted about 3 weeks. Hoping to get an antibody test soon but it’s quite expensive. 

Since March, I have had trouble breathing and severe chest pain during exercise. It is getting progressively worse, now I can barely walk 10 mins without having to stop to catch my breath. Recently I have had chest pain while at rest and have developed a dry cough. Coughing hurts my chest a lot. Went to the ER to rule out anything serious. Chest X-ray, blood tests, EKG, blood pressure all normal. Doctors told me it was anxiety or panic attack - but it’s not. I understand that many symptoms can have a psychological origin, but I have experienced panic attacks before and this is very different. I have been resting a lot, am not currently working, and would say my life is pretty stress free at the moment. 

I’m starting to feel like I’m going crazy or making this pain up. It’s a shame that so many doctors lack empathy and a decent bedside manner. Anyone experienced anything similar - in terms of worsening chest pain? Any words of encouragement? Did anyone have a similar experience to me? If so how longSo, I started having symptoms about a week ago.

Symptoms and when they happened include:

* overheating or getting to cold (first three days)
* fatigue (all week)
* headache (come and go all week)
* nausea  (come and go all week)
* runny nose (second day only)
* diarrhea (all week)
* Not eating as much (all week)

My doctor told me to go get tested and I plan on going tomorrow. I am just wondering how long your symptoms lasted and how you got over them. I don't think my symptoms are very severe. I don't feel good at all but I definitely don't feel as if I am deteriorating.

&amp;#x200B;

I'd appreciate anyone's input or experiences if similar Employees Test ResultsOne of my employees sent me a positive covid test that they said they got back. I was going to ok it until I noticed the way something was worded. Would somebody be able to show me what an actual positive covid test for the PCR test would look like?? What did you eat?Important stuff: Went to doctor this morning and tested, waiting for results but presumed positive. was given hydroxychloroquin, z-pack, and zinc. 34 yr old F with history of Asthma, high BP and obesity.

Yesterday I started sneezing uncontrollably for a few hours. Following the sneezing fits was sinus pressure---a lot of it! Overnight was shortness of breath, wheezing. No fever yet at all. 

Sometime over the past 4 hours, I have lost my sense of taste and smell. I grabbed my son's (7yrs old) sweedish fish and a few m&amp;m's and realized I cant taste anything. 

What do you eat when you can't taste anything at all? Soup? what's the point? I do not have an appetite at all and I've ate one meal in the past 36 hours.

Does anyone else experience a complete loss of appetite? 

My doctor did not say I should isolate or quarantine. He didn't write me any work notes or anything like that. thankfully my boss is understanding and I'm going to work from home for the next few weeks. I have had to tell my family whom I spent time with this past weekend. Some are elderly. I felt perfectly fine when I saw them Saturday. What are the chances of them getting it as well because of me? I feel like a leper and now everyone is mad at me. I didn't choose to get sick. I always wear my mask, sanitize, etc. I have no idea where I picked it up and I haven't been around anyone except my son since I started showing symptoms. 

Total symptoms so far: nausea, headache, sinus congestion, diarrhea, loss of taste/smell, shortness of breath with exertion, fatigue. 

Is it going to get worse from here? Doctor told me to assume I have covid??Sunday I took a covid test because a coworker tested positive and I had chest pains. Today I was told by a nurse at my PA’s office to go to the ER for my chest. While there, a doctor told me that “I know the rest sucks, but if you keep coughing I would assume you have covid” ...what does that mean? That’s all she said about that I can finally taste again after 5 monthsJust wanted to share a little good news! Caught a fairly serious case of Covid in early April in NYC - there wasn’t a lot of info and no nearby testing centers at the time, so my husband and I were really scared. I did everything I knew to do and spent literally 5 weeks straight in bed all day every day with all the typical symptoms, trying to let my immune system do it’s thing. By June I felt okay enough to walk around the house but still fatigued quickly, and by the last week of July I was called back to my retail job and felt I could handle it.

Through all of that, since the first week of April, I haven’t been able to taste or smell hardly anything. It’s been torture as a foodie, and it’s really affected my mental health to be denied 2 of my 5 senses. 

A couple weeks ago, I started to get a little of it back. I could taste the sugar in my coffee sometimes, or I could taste some kind of flavor when eating watermelon but it didn’t taste like watermelon. It was almost worse than not being able to taste at all, to have some of my favorite foods taste so wrong. Bleach smelled awful too, something totally different from it’s normal already bad smell. Ugh.

I ended up quitting my job this week because I felt like not getting my senses back was a sign that my body hadn’t fully been able to kick this thing yet, and honestly I was needing a full day afterward to recover from every shift. It’s been brutal.

Well, I can happily report that at dinner today, I could taste everything. As it should be. I’ve never appreciated asparagus, onions, and tilapia so much. Hallelujah.

I know for most people taste/smell only disappear for a couple weeks, so if there’s anyone else who’s been waiting as long as I have to feel truly back to normal again, I hope this success story helps give you a little more hope. I know I’ve sure needed it these past 5 months, so thank you guys for sharing your stories. Wife and infant sick with what I Believe is COVID. Need someone to let me know all will be fine.Hi everyone,

I’m sorry if this post rambles a bit, I’m pretty frazzled at this point. Recently my wife, who works in a hospital, came down with a cough and a fever of 100.3.

Symptoms started around 5 days ago and we believe exposure was around 11 days ago.

Quite honestly, I’m just frightened. Wife’s oxygen levels are good, 98%, urgent care said her lungs sound good and she’s moving air well, but she just has a horrific cough. My infant is extremely congested and I’m checking for a rapid test for him tomorrow. My wife was tested two days ago and we are waiting for results. Our other daughter was tested and tested negative.

Both our families are not near by and I’m not only caring for my wife, but also my son.

Can anyone offer me wisdom other than Tylenol, NyQuil, and rest to get through this?

Thanks guys, just all alone in this echo chamber of sick loved ones.

SND Showing symptoms. Doctor requiring quarantine. Work place denied sick payI’m in a terrible situation. I’m out of sick leave. I don’t qualify for FMLA since I haven’t been with my workplace for a year. It demonstrates AWOL which will hurt me in securing a job at my 1 year. I don’t qualify for the Families First Act. In the writing, it states certain federal employees aren’t eligible. I work for the VA and I’m not eligible because we are suppose to take FMLA but I can’t get it. Here are my symptoms. 

Saturday, August 29th: woke up at noon with body aches. Was stupid cold. Turned my apartment up to 80. Didn’t have chills yet. Temperature is 98.3. 1 hour later, it goes up to 101.9. Body aches and chills get worse. Horrendous headache as well. I go to a walk in clinic to get tested. It’s 2 pm. They do a rapid nasal swab (it didn’t go all the way back just around my nostrils). Negative for CoVid. And  negative for the flu and strep (I had those tests done as well). She wrote me a note to be off work til September 8th. I informed her that her note is not good enough because they won’t let me off unless the test is positive even though I’m showing results. She informed me to get retested in 5 days. 

That night, I slept on my stomach and my heart rate was 135 bpm, 90% Sp02, fever 102.9 and I held on to a pillow praying my heart rate went down. I drank a bottle of water and took Tylenol.

Sunday, August 30th: that morning I woke up and my fever was gone. Chills are gone. Body hurts and my head hurts insanely. Throat (on outside) is swollen. Low grade fever if that- 99.5 degrees

Monday, August 31st: terrible headache, body hurts, soup tastes funny, throat is swollen. Slight temp at 99.4 but nothing much. 

It sucks. If I go to work, I could get a lawsuit if a patient or coworker sues me. If I don’t, I don’t get paid and risk being fired. I’m doing the swab that goes back in your nose in a few hours Liver enzymes / Fatty liver post Covid May or may not be a COVID long haulerI am a 21 year old male with no history of respiratory problems. I was making a long drive on 6/20, when all of a sudden my hands went numb and I couldn't breathe. It wasn't a sort of breathlessness like asthma, more like my lungs were too heavy to inhale, if that makes sense. I pulled over and waited for about 30 minutes, but it didn't improve. I went to the hospital and they gave me some Claritin, but it didn't help much. They didn't test me for COVID there, and I have no clue why to be honest. Well, after a while, I felt well enough to move around, so we kept driving. Unfortunately, the next three weeks had me getting worse to the point where I couldn't breathe, and then recovering slightly for a few hours. It kept cycling like that in "attacks", I guess, I eventually developed nausea that was quite bad, and my entire respiratory tract (lungs and sinuses) hurt like hell. Then, I got stomach sick for about two days, and was more sick during that time than any flu I've ever had in my life. Finally, after that cleared up, my breathing began to improve.

Well, 2.5 months later and I am still not breathing right. My lungs still feel "heavy", if that's the right word, and I have a persistent dry cough. I also have pretty bad fatigue, but I can still go about and perform daily activities reasonably well. The problem is that none of these things have improved for the past month or so, which is concerning. I've also been losing tons of hair, and I'm developing noticeable bald spots (I have no previous history of male pattern baldness, but who knows?). What's striking is that I've lost most of that hair over the course of two and a half weeks. I'm literally brushing hair off of my desk as I'm writing this, lol.

Doesn't that sound a lot like COVID? I think so, my doctor thought so too. But I've taken two nasal tests, two saliva tests, and three antibody tests, all of which came back negative. They also ran a d-dimer for a pulmonary embolism and a million other blood tests which were also negative. Chest x-rays show nothing. I've been sick for a while, and it's getting to me to be honest. I mean, I hope my breathing gets better and my hair grows back at some point. I have this creeping fear that I'm not going to improve on my own, and everyone I talk to seems to be perplexed that it's not COVID.

Anyway, sorry for the long and rambling post, just had to get that off of my chest. I am thankful that the symptoms were not worse. Reading about what some people are dealing with is an eye opener, I hope everyone stays safe and recovers soon. 23F Suspected positive - my timelineSorry there wasn’t a flare for just presumed positive - I have NOT spoken to my doctor.

28/8 - loss of appetite; felt really tired and crappy at around 8pm, had to sleep early (unlike me) tickle in throat

29/8 - me and my boyfriend decided to go on bike ride, unusually fatigued and struggling on a relatively easy trial. I’m very athletic and my boyfriend isn’t, however he was finding the route very easy and I could barley keep up. 
After the bike ride I felt freezing cold even though it was a warm day, had to take a hot shower to warm up.

30/8 - fatigue, sore throat, body aches - I know my body aches were probably attributed to the bike ride but they were so intense. Like I said we didn’t go on a hard route and only biked a short distance. My boyfriend didn’t ache at all. My legs were throbbing even whilst sitting down! 

31/8 - fatigue, tickly throat, blocked nose, nausea, low body temp

1/09 - low body temp on taking, even my thermometer flagged it up to say it was too low. Had a really blocked nose upon waking, super tired even after a good sleep. Randomly had the worst ear pain I’ve ever experienced, had to stop working and lie down. Tickle in throat and slight cough. Reduced appetite. Feeling cold even though it’s relatively warm. Arms and legs aching. Have just had a 2 hour nap and still feel heavy headed, super fatigued, eyes hurt to move and my throat is super scratchy.

I haven’t been to many places but you just never know I guess... I will be isolating from now on until a test is available and I have my results back. Grandmother Blood Test Results w/ a lot of other informationHello, I'm trying to figure out what all of this means? My Grandmother had to get a COVID-19 test since she's been very fatigued (most likely due to Sarcoidosis she's had for 20 years). The Doctor won't call until Wednesday which seems like an eternity (thank you VA) so we're left to our own devices to figure out these results. I'm particularly concerned about the Nucleated RPC # - Also, does this say COVID-19 positive? We have another family member who tested positive but hasn't been in contact with my grandmother.

Nucleated RPC # 0.10 K/cmm - Range 0.00-0.02

Nucleated RPC % 0.8 High % - Range 0.0-0.1

What would covid test name show up as? I think I have covid-19[removed] I think I am covid positive[removed] Post quarantine, supposed to start a new job tomorrow, sudden symptom flare up.Hi all. It's day 26. I had a negative test, but the doctor presumed me positive. Whole gamut of symptoms, though never a fever or cough. Racing heart, low oxygen, sore throat, headache, severe fatigue, body aches, brain fog, diarrhea, chest pain.

Last week, doc told me that since I had been feeling better, symptoms had decreased, and the only lingering thing consistency was the fatigue, that I could rejoin society, and to just watch out for Post Viral Fatigue.  Felt like it was one step forward, one step back, where somedays I slept all day and others I could go for a walk or paint or do housework, but last week I managed to cook dinner most nights, compared to the first three weeks of total misery, so I figured I was on the up and up.

But right now, I have a sudden sore throat, worse than it was originally, and just a general feeling of "ick" that just slammed down on me, as well as an aching neck and chest pain. No temp, but oxygen steady at 97. 

I'm supposed to start a new job tomorrow as a nanny-- I had been furloughed, but I had gotten a nanny/teaching offer around day 2 or 3. I just assumed it'd be over and done by then. And with no real symptoms except fatigue, my doc had cleared me. But now I'm laying here in total horror and guilt that I might go into a home while being Typhoid Mary. Or end up in enough worse state that I can't handle the job.  But I don't know if getting tested again will ease this-- what if it's another negative, especially because its so late in the game, but I still feel awful? When is it safe, for me, for the world? What if it was just a fluke the first time, and this is the real deal? What if it's strep? What if what if what if. High FeversI’ve tested twice for Covid and got two negatives. My only symptoms so far are fever, chills/aches and diarrhea. Anybody else get abnormal fevers 103-104 range? Of course I bring it down with Tylenol and ibuprofen. But these fevers haven’t let up. My anxiety only makes it worse. It’s been about a week and I feel like this fever is unending. I’ve also been to the ER where the doctor strongly felt I had Covid despite negatives. Coworkers are angry for forcing them to work overtime while I’m getting tested.The coffee shop I work at is understaffed, and even though my manager has acknowledged that it’s upper management’s fault for not hiring more people, my coworkers are still livid that they have to work my shifts. 

I received a text this morning from one of them saying “you don’t really have covid do you 😒” and another saying “please explain to me why I’m working YOUR shift right now”

I don’t really have an answer for them other than just explaining my symptoms. I get tested this afternoon, so I won’t officially know if I have Covid until then, but based on the reports of other people’s symptoms on this subreddit, I’m almost confident that I have it.

Was I wrong to tell my boss about it before I got tested? I think my coworkers are upset that I didn’t keep quiet about feeling sick, and they wanted me to wait until the test results actually got back. 33 days of symptoms &amp; pneumonia with no positive result- pressured to return to work. Feeling lost and hopelessI began presenting with symptoms on Wednesday July 29th, I had a fever and felt a bit run down. I was at work and got sent home. I work in a memory care facility where we haven't had any positive cases, so I obviously got told to beat it. Symptoms progressed and I had a headache, chest pain, shortness of breath, dizziness and tinnitus. I did a test through the CVS drive through on the 30th, it took over a week to come back but was negative. 

Our return to work protocol doesn't require a negative test, just 10 days symptom free and 48 hours no fever. The following Monday, the 10th, I was still feeling a bit run down but with no fever and a negative test I went back to work. On Friday the 14th, I felt unwell on my way to work- feverish, short of breath, chest pain and low and behold I get to work and check my temp and it's 102.4.

My boss hadn't gotten in yet, so I called them and said my fever has spiked and I was feeling unwell. They were frustrated, but told me to go home. Things went downhill from there, symptoms came back with a vengeance and my fever continued. I had muscle aches, congestion, chest pain, shortness of breath, a cough, and a headache. I couldn't lay down flat without feeling like I was suffocating. I got tested again through CVS on Sunday the 16th, and that yielded a negative result as well. I was so upset and frustrated, I never thought I'd actually want to hear I was positive- but I was desperate for some validation. By Wednesday the there was no improvement, so I went to urgent care after being pressed by my boss. Who I should add is not some kind of raging asshole, our job is very stressful and especially right now- I am desperately needed so I try to take their frustration in stride knowing that it's not personal. 

At urgent care I got an x-ray which revealed pneumonia in my right lower lobe, finally some tangible proof of being sick! I was prescribed Doxycycline and Prednisone. I took my meds and continued to rest with nearly no improvement. I had a follow up with the urgent care doctor who urged me to get a CT scan, she was certain it was Covid despite the negative tests. But my insurance deductible is so high and I had already spent money I didn't have on all this, so I didn't do it. Thursday the 27th was my first full day without the Prednisone and I crashed hard by the evening, really struggling to breathe with a racing pulse. I went to the emergency room that night and got another x-ray, blood work and of course a Covid test. The nurse told me that the drive through tests are basically useless because we have to do them ourselves, so she and the doctor both said it was likely Covid. The ER doctor said he didn't see any pneumonia but there was congestion in my lungs. When I looked at my x-ray I thought it looked terrible but I guess I'm not an expert. My WBC count was very high but he assured me it's normal with an infection. With my symptoms mostly managed I was sent home with a prescription for Methylprednisolone. I haven't heard back about my Covid test so I'm assuming it was negative. I don't know what to think.

Now the methylprednisolone has helped quite a bit with symptoms, but the side effects have been intense. Insomnia, hallucinations, tremors, feeling like my head is buzzing for the first few days. Symptoms improved but fever remains until Saturday and Sunday where it doesn't get past 99. This means I can return to work today, which I am sitting here getting ready for.

I'm not quite feeling up to going back yet, I still am having lingering symptoms and the side effects of the steroid have lessened but are still present. I worry my symptoms will return with a vengeance again when I'm through with the methylprednisolone. I'm feeling very pressured to return, and I just don't know what the right thing to do is. On one hand, I've gone negative into my PTO to cover my absence but I worry they won't let me continue to do this for much longer. I'm worried about damaging my job by not being there and keeping up the things I need to be doing. Being home for so long has really messed with me, and I'm struggling not to feel lazy, anxious and worthless. But on the other hand, this is my health, and it's also the health of our residents. I know I'm likely not contagious anymore, but something about it just feels wrong, you know? I'm going to express my concerns with my boss today and maybe talk about a leave of absence or FMLA. 


33 days so far, with no positive result. A pneumonia diagnosis, an urgent care and ER trip, a round of antibiotics and 2 rounds of steroids all with horrible insurance and stress abound. I'm starting to think I might just be one of those people who can't or won't test positive. I feel gaslit by everything and everyone around me, like I'm being dramatic or lazy. I'm so frustrated and I don't know what to do. DAY 2 of Possible COVIDDay 2. I posted yesterday my symptoms but today I woke up and felt a lot better... thought it was odd. As the day went on I had a 101 degree fever and have lost my taste and smell. I still have mild headaches. I don’t have a sore throat or stuffy nose anymore. Right now my fever is down to 98.7 and I just have a mild headache. Fatigue has gone away compared to yesterday bc I felt terrible yesterday. I got tested at 1 pm est. 48 hours until my results. Wondering how the symptoms work and if they change daily or if I’m getting through it faster than normal. I’m 18. Would I be a horrible person if I went to an eye doctor for 2 infected eyes?TL;DR I likely have a very mild case of Covid19, presumed by both doctors I've talked to about it. But now I also have infections in both of my eyes due to MRSA that has colonized and infected much of my body. To say the least it is extremely important to me to keep my eyes in good health, and leaving these infections to fester is extremely risky, but going to the doctor with Covid is extremely risky for others as well. Do you guys have any advice for this situation? Would I be a terrible person if I went to an appointment and kept it as brief as possible?

&amp;#x200B;

I think I have a mild case of Covid. Nothing super serious, I'm very fortunate. Its been getting slowly better over 3 weeks. Had 2 days of feeling 100% (as opposed to 85% which is my worst), but yesterday felt a bit down after overworking my body a bit. Throat felt pretty gross if I didnt down water continuously, and I was getting the usual weird unexplained bodily sensations and fatigue. 

At the same time, as of two nights ago, I strongly believe both of my eyes are infected. They feel like theres something stuck in them, hurt progressively more when i blink as time goes on. Not all the time but in waves. It would make sense if they were infected, I already had styes and am still working on breaking my terrible eye rubbing habit. I also have an infectious MRSA bacteria (not deadly MRSA but definitely resistant to most oral antibiotics) that would explain the styes and random eye infections.

I'm terrified because I know that these types of infections can lead to irreparable eye damage if left untreated. That's the last thing I need right now is to lose my vision permanently. I don't want to dump my whole life story here, but my vision is the most important thing to me that I have, and in the past two nights it has become disparagingly clear to me that in my current bodily state I would rather die than be blind. Not that blind life is irredeemable, I just rely on my vision for everything left in my life that I enjoy, and I already have so many restrictions on what I can eat/do because of other things like tinnitus and food restrictions and a potentially chronic painful STI that came out of nowhere, to the point where I would live the most joyless loveless existence I can imagine. 

But at the same time I don't want to put doctor's lives at risk. If I really have covid, and two doctors I've spoken to think I probably do (I'm getting tested soon), then going to their office would be a big risk. I made an appointment frantically with an optomitrist in my area, asked him if he did video calls, but he wants to see my eyes under a microscope. I didn't tell him about the Covid. I'm thinking I might cancel it when the office opens tomorrow, but I'm unsure. 

I don't know what to do. Leaving these infections to get worse and worse could ruin my life, but I also don't want to put other people's health at risk. 

What should I do??? I'm at a loss and need some advice, if not at least as a starting place. 

Thank you for reading ! LONG HAULER HELP[removed] When can I go back to work and stuff?So on Thursday I began feeling a sore throat. It never got bad though it was always just a little scratchy. My husband developed a sore throat too. Both of our sore throats are gone today and we never developed any other symptoms. We checked our Temps regularly and mine stayed around 99. One time it was 99.3 but when I took it 2 more times at that same moment it was 99.0 both times. I am supposed to go back to work tomorrow, and my baby is also supposed to get his vaccines tomorrow and have a very important check up. I already told my work I had a sore throat and am going to call my baby's doctor in the morning before his appointment to let them know. But I'm wondering when it's okay for me to go back to work and to take my baby for his appointment?

I took the covid test Saturday but they said it will be 7-10 days for results. I don't want to possibly infect anyone. But at the same time I really don't think I had it as it was just a mild sore throat. Please let me know what you think or what you have been recommended. Tested Positive, Glad I Found This CommunityI received my test results on 8/23, currently quarantining at a hotel that my workplace set up for me. (I work in healthcare) 

Prior to that I had a patient who was totally non compliant with our mask wearing policy. She ended up testing positive and got 5 other patients sick. Words cannot describe how angry I am at this individual. My parents are high risk and I fear for them most. I call them everyday to make sure they’re not having any symptoms. I didn’t know where to go until I found this community. I don’t post often here on Reddit, but I feel that a lot of the stories on here are a testament to how devastating this pandemic is. A lot of positive stories on here too. I salute those who are able to spread positivity during a time when we really need it. 

I’m on day six and although I would consider my symptoms to be relatively mild (slight dry cough, loss of taste and smell, nasal congestion) I know that things can progress quickly if you don’t pay attention. My temperature was elevated today and even that caused to think about my future. Anyways, I’m done venting. I hope everyone who’s going through Covid gains some semblance of normalcy soon. I’m praying for you all. Is it possible I am false positive ?[removed] 4 months in: former athlete and gymgoer. I'm still completely unable to do any exercise what so ever without getting PEM and severe fatigue 12-24 hours afterwards. A short walk will make me bed bound and severely fatigued they day after. Doctors have no answers and I feel like I'm going crazyOh god...I feel like I'm becoming one with this sub at this point.

I'm 4 months into this shitshow and my biggest problem is that I'm unable to exercise what so ever. I can't even take a short walk without feeling like shit the day after. Mind you I'm a former athlete and avid gym goer. Exercise is my identity. I literally have an identity crisis right now because I don't recognize myself anymore. Before this hit me, I biked several miles to school and work on a regular basis. I used to be a semi professional athlete a couple of years ago. I used to run 10 miles a week. Going to the gym was a way for me to handle my anxiety. 

And none of this is possible without severe fatigue and post extertional malaise 12-24 hours afterwards. It's also extremely unpredictable. There's days where I feel ok and "normal" and there's days where I can't get up from bed because the fatigue is so severe and heavy, I have never in my life experienced such fatigue. I didn't think it was even possible. It's also completely unpredictable what kind of physical activity will make me suffer. A short walk can make me bed bound, but a bike ride will not.

I'm being investigated by doctors and nothing unusual has been found so far that warrants any hospitalization. I might have POTS because of high HR upon standing and activity but my doctor is hesitant to diagnose it after 4 months. At the same time, the doctors I've met are saying my fatigue is normal and to keep exercising. I just know deep down, this is not normal. It's not normal for a previously young, healthy and fit person to have these types of reactions to physical activity this long after the infection. But no one has answers for me. Has anyone here tested negative but sure they had covid?My mom works in a nursing facility with a current large outbreak. She takes care of patients with covid directly .She started having symptoms 2 days after testing negative. They get tested every 2 weeks so she got tested again this thursday (now recovering) and the test came back negative again. 

I saw her briefly (with a mask on and outdoors) a few days before she got sick so I also went and got myself tested (but haven't gotten results yet). I now have a scratchy throat and am tired. I had vertigo last week.  

Anyone here test negative for covid but pretty sure they had it? Mild potential case of COVID relapsed - really worriedHey guys, hope all is well.

I am quite worried about the condition of my health. For context, I am 22 years old and I am pretty sure I had Covid back in late March (about 5 months ago). I had tinkling in my throat, a horrible cough, low fever, very bad dehydration and brain fog. I recovered in about a week. 

Fast forward to now, I am experiencing random chest pain throughout the day. I am experiencing sore calves and sometimes it goes up to my knee caps. This might be due to the fact that I am not very active throughout the day since I am home (I was very active before but now barely move around since school is online and quarantine) but not sure. I wake up with my calves sore and sometimes they hurt throughout the day and sometimes they do not. Moreover, I sleep 8-9 hours a day and still wake up tired. I feel fatigued still and it lasts the entire day. I also experience brain fog. 

I am really worried, I do not know if this is anxiety or just post Covid long term symptoms. I really hope I am able to fully recover and enjoy a long life. I am worried that I might have chronic fatigue syndrome or something serious. If anyone is going through similar experiences, please reach out! Thank you 🙏❤️ I miss feeling goodI've been soldiering on at this, blood, sweat, and tears, for five fucking months, but, in a moment of vulnerability, in the throes of a soul-crushing headache that woke me from sleep, I would like to bow my head in humble acknowledgement that this simply sucks so hard, very few things have ever sucked so much as this.  It is a kind of ceaseless torture I never could have imagined in my wildest dreams.  Sometimes the only thing that keeps me sane is finding humor in how inventively horrible this is.  March 22nd was the last time it felt good to be in my body.  March 22nd.  Everything about this is a shrieking inferno of horror, and none of us, not one of us, deserved this.  No one understands.  No one is doing anything.  It feels like we're at war with evil itself.  We're giving it everything we've got, and it is taking everything away from us.  I did not choose this but this is my life now.  I will carry on with all the strength and dignity I can find in my broken emaciated body, but I needed a time-out to throw a small tantrum and say, this whole thing can fucking suck my ass.  I'm so proud of you all.  And I'm sorry for your pain.  That's all. Foodie does a cryHear me out. Maybe you’ve seen my other posts with timelines along with my odious and insidious symptoms. Maybe you haven’t. 

The insult to injury happened today. I lost my sense of taste and smell. I presume it will come back like others have. 

But after 2 weeks of debilitating pain, of miserable nights, of living with extreme household protections to make sure my family isn’t infected, I’m ready to cry, cry, cry. 

I counted myself so very lucky not to have (so far) had the breathing problems or the loss of senses experienced by others. I was still able to eat right. 

You see, I’m a chef hobbyist, a foodie, an appreciator of beautiful foods... A few days ago I started to notice my appetite waning and a loss of interest in food. Today I can no longer smell or taste, and I’m crushed. 

I think depression was already coming on due to my covid experience so far, and this latest piece, this unmitigated insult, this bullshit is finally getting me to a sad place. 

Moreover, I find I’m (quietly) irrationally angry at people who don’t have it. My family, strangers, every motherfucking asshole on social media who comments on a post saying it’s a hoax. 

I know my experience is worse than some and better than others. We each have our own story to tell. 

I just.... Thank you for listening. I feel like you are the only people who can understand where I’m coming from. Sick but not Covid!My son and I have been sick for over a week with a horrible cough, congestion, headache, chest pain. Covid test just came back negative. Dr thinks it's bronchitis. Antibody questionSo lets say a person had covid but a few months later tested negative for antibodies, if they get reinfected will symptoms be just as bad as the first time they had the virus? 

Is this something no one has an answer to yet? 5 days have passed and symptoms are gone?I just got done having really bad allergies and going in to get a steroid shot and I started having symptoms on 21st and 22nd. I got a fever, and then cough, so I know it's probably Covid. My mom tested positive and my brother tested positive but I never got tested since I think it's pretty useless since I'm gonna have to stay home anyways. I had the exact same symptoms as them and it was fluctuating until last night when I got really bad. That must've burnt off the rest of my symptoms because I woke up today and feel fine besides a ton of nosebleeding/ bloody nose. The only things left besides the nosebleed is I still have some phlegm and a sore throat. I'll see what happens tomorrow, but maybe it's just gone now. I will note that I had the "December cough" where everything came up negative when they tested me for flu and whatnot, and it was worse in December than it is now. It seems like to me that I built up a partial immunity in December and that helped me fight it off better this time, or the December cough was not Covid, and I've just recovered in 5 days.  
&amp;nbsp;  
So my treatment plan has been as follows: Dayquil and Nyquil severe every chance I could get, mucerna pruriens, zinc/vitamin d/ vitamin c/ multivitamins. All of that and I've been trying to sleep as much as possible. Friends trying to be helpful but making me feel a bit crazy...I started showing symptoms two days ago and was tested yesterday. Test results take 2-10 days I guess so technically I don't know that what I'm experiencing is COVID, but I have so many symptoms that it feels silly to pretend that I don't have it. 

I come from a family where the best thing to do when you're sick is pretend you're not sick and keep working until you literally fall over. I cancelled everything I had planned when I started experiencing symptoms, and was already feeling a lot of guilt from that. Now friends and family are trying to be supportive by saying that hopefully it's not COVID or even that they're "certain" it isn't COVID, questioning my symptoms, questioning where I could have gotten it, etc. 

It's already so hard for me to take symptoms of anything seriously without everyone I know basically telling me I'm not feeling what I'm feeling. Does anyone else have experience with this or advice on what to say when people do this? From Tachycardia to BradycardiaHi reddit,
I'll try and keep this as short as possible, which is a challenge because so much happened.

Disclaimer: all medical advice I received and share was customized for my situation. Yours could very well be different. Always have a doctor evaluate your concerns.

Me: 36M, European, not athletic but not overweight, little off balance in the muscle/fat ratio. Heart was always in good condition before 2020.

Me and my wife were sick in late february/early march. They didnt test here yet in March, we were sick and quarantined on doctors orders with most of the covid19 symptoms. We never had to go into the hospital because our saturation was acceptible, but it was weeks of 39° fever, fatigue, short of breath, a feeling of limited lung capacity, ridiculous bad cough etc. Couldnt talk for a full phrase at some point. My wife recovered fairly quick. I recovered more slowly from the first symptoms and waiting for the worst to pass. An inhaler and rest got me through the first month.

Halfway into april after feeling a bit better I collapse with a heartrate of 185 at random during the day. EKG from the ambulance was ok so I get a holter monitor after a few days and they diagnose me with tachycardia which is in my case, according to that doc, harmless but annoying.

From april until late juli, My heart races when I stand up and jumps from my already elevated sitting heart rate of 80-90 to 120+. Sometimes at random it starts beating like wild with 140+ bpm for hours, with weird palpitations and the feeling something is off-beat in my chest like a badly timed drumfill. My fitbit tracker gives me hours of "activity" and achievements each day and I end up ag the ER several times, only to get sent home because its "just tachycardia" and I should see my cardiologist about it.

Cardiologist gives me a 24hr holter, sadly on a "good day" and diagnoses nothing wrong rythmwise besides some benign pauses. Does an echocardiogram after months in july and sees it pumps well enough to immediately discharge me. I dont feel like she takes me serious at all and she keeps repeating she doesnt know what to do because we dont know covid well enough.

I lost 18 kilograms since march (12 of them in the first month) and can only since a month walk longer than 5-10 minutes where at first I couldnt walk 10 seconds to the kitchen without resting. I see progress in my overall condition. The tachy attacks become extremely rare and my bloodpressure comes down again.

Fast forward to august, 5 months in I notice my heartrate comes down to normal. Im happy. What does however concern me is that my heartrate when I relax is now suddenly extremely low for me.

I used to have a sleeping HR of 55 - 65 for years, 70- 90 with normal day to day activity and 85 - 120 when fairly active. That's my baseline.

Now I seem to have 45 - 58 during sleep, 57 - 70 when working and 70 - 100 being active. It's completely freaking me out because when Im sitting on the couch it sometimes dips to the mid 50's but when I check my BP is fine. 

Im in the mill for a second opinion where theyll make an MRI of my heart to see if there's any damage. This doctor wants to get to the bottom of it.

I did lose weight, did drop most sugar from my diet and I have started a very light workout (walks, some Light weights) but I think its scary that my resting heart rate drops almost by a point every day for the past time. Thanks to fitbit I know I came from 70 down to 61 in a matter of two weeks.

I wonder if anyone else has had a similar experience, especially regarding tachycardia and bradycardia in a later stage. I'm scared of not waking up in the morning every time I find a 40s heartrate during sleep or sering my HR drop to 52 when im awake in bed but it never shows when they do monitoring at the hospital because then you are active before the EKG. My doc saw my fitbit stats, thats why he did the MRI now.

Thanks in advance for aharing your thoughts on this, stay healthy. Pheromone smell goneNow this is an unusual one, I don’t know anyone else who has experienced this but I found my pheromones just disappeared. My wife and I would joke about how pre Covid she loved my pheromone smell but during my
Covid symptoms phase she says that it just went completely. I only mention this now as she said she can faintly smell it coming back. Anyone else experience a similar effect? Hypothermia?I woke up around midnight last night literally dripping with sweat, like had to change my clothes because I was so wet. Checked my temp and it read at 96.5. Three hours earlier my temp was around 98-99. 

For reference, my symptoms so far have been chest pain and pressure. I get sharp pains which I believe is costochondritis, as well as heart palpitations and pressure against the left side of my chest. I haven’t had a temp above 99. I had a mild dry cough in the beginning but it seems to have subsided. I’ve already been to the ER once and although my lungs were clear, they did not perform an ekg. 

Has anyone experienced this and have any insight? My anxiety is absolutely through the roof. Hypothermia?I woke up around midnight last night literally dripping with sweat, like had to change my clothes because I was so wet. Checked my temp and it read at 96.5. Three hours earlier my temp was around 98-99. 

For reference, my symptoms so far have been chest pain and pressure. I get sharp pains which I believe is costochondritis, as well as heart palpitations and pressure against the left side of my chest. I haven’t had a temp above 99. I had a mild dry cough in the beginning but it seems to have subsided. I’ve already been to the ER once and although my lungs were clear, they did not perform an ekg. 

Has anyone experienced this and have any insight? My anxiety is absolutely through the roof. Help Me I’m slowly dying[removed] Got tested today, do these symptoms shout corona?So I called in sick to work yesterday. Felt super feverish and had a very high temperature. I also had a really sore throat and felt really dizzy and light headed all day. No coughing or shortness of breath, no loss of taste or smell... 

Today I feel a lot better, just the sore throat and minor chills bothering me. It feels like it can't be rona as I'm already feeling more myself.

Have any of you tested positive with short and minor symptoms? Presumed positive, Awaiting ResultsI stared shows symptoms of COVID-19 on the 24th with a dry throat and fatigue. Thought it was nothing until the next morning I woke up with a severe sore throat and had cough. I was tested yesterday and presumed positive and have since kept my dry cough. The sore throat has disappeared but diarrhea has joined. I honestly don’t feel that bad. Just like a bad cold or something. I wish those sicker then me a fast recovery! Remember to drink lots of fluids and use a humidifier! Should I trust a rapid test ?My city decided on this weekend to trace COVID cases and went house to house to test people and give medication. My mum told me to be the one to talk to them and give an insight about my family. None of us got terrible symptoms, we felt sometimes sick but it’s also winter here and could be some cold. I explained that one day I had a terrible headache and felt very agitated but just one day and felt normal since. They decided to get me test and I got positive. My mum got tested, she got a negative result. 

It’s been a huge deal since I use to sleep with my mum and she’s among the risk group, and obviously since I hadn’t shown symptoms I had been close all these days to my family and my partner. 

We decided to isolate me and well... I haven’t shown up any symptoms. Sometimes I cough, one day I woke up with pain in the chest but also slept in a terrible position. I feel honestly that any different I feel could be out of anxiety. 

I got a PCR test but everything in my country is so collapsed that it’ll take some times. 

I’ve told by some people that they got false positives and confirmed negative with PCR. Others said that I’m 100% positive and to take medication even without symptoms. 

I don’t know, I’m confused and my life has abruptly stopped because of this. 

I’m young, not the healthiest but I’m sure I could go through this. I’m worried about my mum. Covid recovery (5 months long hauler), watch out for not only Physical exertion, but also Emotion and Mental exertionI kept telling myself to report back here when I recover to give people hope, but the truth is when I felt good (like 100% myself) I was so busy catching up with work and life I did not take the time to post anything here. Last week I hit my 5 month mark and having an unexpected relapse (I honestly thought  I was fully recovered as I had been good 100% for more than a month.). I don't mind being a long hauler, actually there is nothing i can do about it... I just hope we will fully recover one day no matter how long it takes.. 

I want to share my story here, since this is where I got all the support in the last 5 months. also share what helped me, what triggered my relapse, what made it worse... and I want to hear your advice for my latest symptom ( head pressure, sinus pressure, pressure in the inner ear, basically everything above my neck feeling off, lightheaded )

For those don't want to read the boring long post: Take care of yourself, despite my relapses, I am able to work full time and cook dinner, 2 hours walk during the weekend.  

1. What helped me: Vitamin, supplement: B, D, C, Zinc, NAC, Quercetin, curcumin, CoQ10, MSM, probiotic, Serratiopeptidase and very strong anti reflux medication (dr prescription)
2. what triggered my relapses: first 2months -White bread, processed food, coffee; mental exertion : back to work after 2 week(back in march, "mild" covid recovery is 2 weeks) relpased, got another 2 weeks off including some holidays, back to work end of April... very difficult to finish an hour conf call. Emotion triggers relapse, my dad 8000 KM away was diagnosed with late stage acute Leukemia, he passed away 2 month later. 
3. what made it worse: combination of physical, mental and emotion exertion plus sugar and lack of sleep. 

I started this roller coaster mid Mid- March, not hospitalized but 3 times ER visit.. had few waves every 2 weeks the first 2 months, each wave had newly added symptoms: diarrhea, vomiting, SOB, bloating horrendous headaches,  irregular heart beat (38-160), lost of appetite (lost 10% of body weight in 3 weeks), skin rash (frostbite), skin breakout, pins and needles, sharp pains, tietze syndrom, dizzy, vertigo, coffee intolerance... you name it, I think I had it all.  Never had high fever nor coughs though. 

I started taking supplements only at week 4, it took lots of time to search for information as it was just the beginning.. 

I took Vitamin B, D, C, Zinc, NAC, Quercetin, curcumin, I think NAC and Quercetin really helped. 

I have ginger Lemon tea everyday, on the day with bad SOB I add garlic too, worked really well for me

Week 10-11 , I felt "great", SOB disappeared, heart rate back to normal, no fatigue, no dizziness... I believed I was done with Covid, except I couldn't be more wrong! I found lumps on my chest a week after feeling great... chest swollen, painful to breath, SOB came back, heart pounding, night sweat. I stopped NAC and Quercetin. and added MSM, vitamin K, fish oil, CoQ10 as most of the lingering symptoms were inflammation and neurological (at least I believe it is). 

I started feeling better later in June, added probiotic and strong anti reflux medicine as my bloating and heartburn made my SOB worse. end of June till mid July I was getting back to the normal self till I got a call from my aunt that my dad passed away. I was (am ) 8000km away..

I tried to stay strong for my kids, I kept myself busy with my children, with work for 3 weeks (3 weeks covid didn't exist, long hauler never entered my mind).. my aquarium was my zen place, I was numb... after the 3 long weeks, My kids went to my their dad , I collapsed in my living room, here came my relapse at 5th month! 

If you are still reading this, the good news is my lungs check up came back good (CT, lungs capacity), ultrasound check for organs all good, blood work is good except elevated liver enzymes. My dr. suspected dysautonomia and vagus nerve dysfunction, I am waiting for my physiotherapy appointment now. 

I stay positive, I stay active, I still wish people will take this more serious. I pray for all of us to get better! My Lingering SymptomsHi. 

Just found out that these groups exist (shared this post in a Facebook group as well) and wanted to put out my experience. 

Flu like symptoms the 3rd week of March in northern Utah. Couldn't get tested I couldn't identify a vector. Was staying with my parents at the time. Dad got sick too. Doctor sent me back to Denver because they thought I just had influenza. Dad then identified a possible vector, tested positive, and though I know it's variable, the rest of the household all tested positive for antibodies later, including me. Didn't bring it home, however, as my household in Denver has tested negative. 

Primary lingering issue is that food tastes like someone mixed it with sulfur. The regular flavors are present, but covered by a taste like they'd been cooked in a geyser. Not all food, not all the time, and no way to predict other than it's mostly savory things. That is linked to continued GI tract issues. Also experiencing fatigue and stamina issues, lack of sleep, and frequent racing heart rate. I've also had a pretty notable shift in demeanor, depression, and anxiety, though that last is hard to quantify given the general but massive increase in stress in my life recently. 

I was forwarded to long hauler groups by a friend after a particularly difficult week. Just knowing that there are others out there is helpful, as trying to describe what I'm going through even to my closest confidants feels like i can't do it justice. Thanks for doing it. 

Really hoping to see improvement soon. We'll see. School and working during a pandemicRecently I started work AND school at the same time during COVID. And everything has been super different. Does anyone else feel that way? Anyone here that has had a false positive?I got an abnormal one day and the next day I went to two places to get a retest. Neg for both. Same with those living with me which is impossible because we've literally shared food throughout these past weeks and been in close contact. I am beyond frustrated because the first place is insisting that I must still be positive and refusing a retest or an antibody test. Does this sound like post covid syndrome?[removed] Consider taking this comprehensive survey to add your data to the study.[removed] Doc says that someone with COPD and high blood pressure isn't at risk. Thanks Sherlock(I caught covid in March, my mum either didn't catch it or was incredibly lucky and didn't have 100% noticeables symptoms.)
My mum has COPD and high blood pressure. She obviously is at risk, every doc she talked with recognises it... except today's doc. 

My mum's a teacher, school starts next Monday, cases are rising again in my country (France), no measures are being taken except masks. No distancing, no online school, nothing. So, she went to the doc today, it wasn't her habitual doc (which is also incompetent but at least recognises that she's at risk). This one didn't offer any explanation to her vertigo sensations she's been having for the last two weeks, she was like "blood pressure's fine" and that's it. My mother asked if she should go back to school (she won't but needs a doctor's note). This doc told her "you're not at risk, people at risk are 65+". And bye. I am very angry: this is pathetic and hilarious in a way... 
Of course, this doc didn't wear a N95 mask - although she could, they're available to docs here, my mum's doc has them. What the fucking fuck. 
0/10 won't try this doc again. I'll have to check if I can report her somewhere... of course this is France, docs never face any consequence anyway. To those who infected family membersHello everyone, this is my first post on reddit. Today i had a bad day, i woke up at around 3am with severe pain in my ear. Later today it spread to my throat, so i went to the doctor and she thinks it's covid. I did a test and tomorrow i will know the results. However, yesterday i went to my grandparents, i always keep distance, but this time i forgot my mask. I also live with my mom. What if i infected them? I wouldn't know how to handle it. They are my everything.. I was always so careful, yesterday i didn't feel anything! I feel so guilty, i think if tomorrow the test is positive i might give up... Just lost my smell and tasteI had a terrible headache and light fever last Wednesday, didn't care about it too much. Took tylenol and then it went away. But I just lost my smell and taste completely this past Sunday. I just got tested yesterday and still waiting for the result. 

I am pretty sure I am covid positive from all the symptoms i am facing now. At what week do you guys start to regain taste and smell? I am worried :( Fever for 5 monthsHi everyone!

I’m a 31 year old female who before this, was healthy-no preexisting conditions of any kind. 

I got sick with a pretty deep cough in April. At the time, testing wasn’t available. A week after this cough, I developed a low grade fever. It has never gone away, and it’s been 5 months. If ranges anywhere from 99.5-100.6 every single day. It peaks with activity I have noticed. If I am not active, it will still peak around mid day. I have fatigue, dizziness and spots in my vision-which I chalk up to relating to the fever. 

I have had a full body CT scan, blood tests, inflammation markers checked, and the tests have all come back ODDLY normal. 

My doctor is stumped, because no one can confirm if I in fact had COVID. I just don’t know what would be causing me this much trouble, I was otherwise healthy before this. Anyone else? Angry at myself, me against the worldI am mad. 

Ever since  the virus outbreak I’ve been extremely anal about seeing other people, I quit my job and found one that was fully remote, never went outside, never went to restaurants, nothing. Unfortunately I had to end a long term relationship as well because of covid issues. After heartbreak and a couple of months I decided to go on a date with one person, I asked her if she had covid etc and she said no. Long story short, I have all the symptoms for covid and I got tested. 

It’s frustrating to see my friends going to bars seeing other friends and I’m shelled up in my home only to get it the only time I decide to let my guard down. It doesn’t help that It took me a year to recover from a concussion and now have nerve damage so I can’t ride my bike which is a huge part of me. I really feel so lonely and depressed that my life might not be the same because of the virus. Help please.  

thank you for listening to my rant. My mom refuses to get tested for covid even though she has multiple symptoms and works in healthcare. I’ve already had covid and I need to know if I’ve been exposed.My mom (46F) is a healthcare worker who’s been fighting covid on the frontlines since the pandemic started. I (20F) spent the summer working for my university so I wasn’t home at all. A week into fall classes, I had to come home for reasons I don’t wanna specify. My mom was working at the time, but I was told by my university that I was allowed to travel and would just have to continue to fill out the daily covid check forms online. So I get home on Friday. Everything is fine, until my mom starts showing covid symptoms on Saturday. She went to bed complaining about being congested and woke up with a horrible cough (wheezing because she’s coughing so much), a fever, shortness of breath, chest pain, etc. I emailed both of my bosses (I work two jobs on campus- one being a daycare) to inform them, my mom agreed to go get a rapid covid test done the next day- she has access to rapid testing through the health system she works for. She took a some medicine and laid down for a bit, when she woke up her fever had broken. She told me she wasn’t gonna her tested tomorrow like we had planned. When I told her my bosses were waiting for a test result so I could come back to campus and go to work she told me I shouldn’t have said anything about it to them. She told me she wasn’t gonna get tested because she knows the test would likely be positive and she doesn’t want to be out of work for a long period of time. While I understand she needs to make money to support our family, I think it’s incredibly selfish that she’s knowingly potentially spreading covid. When I confronted her and told her she needs to get tested like we planned, she started gaslighting me by saying things like “I’m sorry I got sick and ruined everything for you”, telling me I should’ve kept quiet, and that it doesn’t matter if I expose the kids at work because they’d get exposed somewhere else anyways. Long story short, I’m not speaking to her. She’s put me in a position where I can’t return to work or to campus until she willingly decides to get tested or is forced to get tested. I feel guilty about leaving my coworkers even more short handed than they already are. She could get a rapid test and know if she’s positive in less than a day, but she absolutely refuses. She claims I’m being ridiculous and I should’ve kept my mouth shut about her having symptoms. I’m so worried and I don’t know what to do about this. Roommate sharing my status with other people.I tested positive earlier this month. I’ve been asymptomatic the entire time. Told my roommates immediately. The only other people I’ve shared with were my parents and my employer. quarantined myself in my room and started masking up around the house, extra wiping down surfaces, and spending way too much on Ubereats because i was being considerate of my roommates in our common spaces. I couldn’t even pet our kitty and she usually always sleeps with me :( 

The day before i received my initial positive result i had a friend over to the apartment. My roommate decided to reach out to this person and share my personal medical information with them before i had a chance to speak to them. This person immediately messaged me and wanted to know why they were hearing this from my roommate and not me. Now i feel like a bad, shady person for not telling them first. 

Both of my roommates have tested negative and so has my boyfriend. I took another test 11 days after the first test and that one was negative. I feel extremely violated. I feel like i cannot trust my roommate with any of my personal information and my other friend says they’re not upset with me but i would be pissed at me if i was in their shoes. My mom wants me to file a slander lawsuit but i think that’s pretty dramatic 😂 So i guess I’m just looking for some practical advice on how to navigate this situation with my roommate. We already had a text message fight about this where i asked him to move out (both of our names are on the lease). He just wants us to “co-exist” and i don’t feel comfortable even being around him at the moment. 

TL;DR: Roommate told my friend i tested positive before i did. I’m mad at my roommate and i feel like a shitty friend. HALPPP! How long after Covid infection to do antibodies tests?Hi, I got a strange rash on the plantar side of both feet and palmar side of both hands last month and did several blood tests (C reactive protein, hiv, syphilis, HBA1c, CBC to name just a few.) They all came back NEGATIVE. 

My doctor could not explain the apparition of the rash, but some people who tested positive for covid seem to have experienced very similar rashes. 

I can’t afford doing an antibody right now because it’s about 130$ in my city and I’m just a student trying to save money! I’m wondering how long do I have to do that antibodies test? Are antibodies detectable for an indeterminate amount of time or only for a couple of weeks after the infection? 

I’m (embarrassingly) a science student and I feel like this is a silly question, but I really need an answer. Thank you! Fat Survivor :)I wanted to give my experience as a late-20’s overweight casual smoker. Before I got COVID I would lurk on this sub/other subs like this, and I would see that all the recovery stories were from very healthy, average weight, non smokers with zero preexisting conditions. I always wanted to hear of someone closer to my statistics who didn’t die.

So I’m female, 28, 5’8, and around 285lb. I smoked regularly (maybe a pack every two weeks). I had been smoking for about 6 years at this point.

My initial symptoms were extremely sore throat with blisters. I thought I had strep. Throat swab was negative for strep. My sore throat lasted 3-4 days. No fever or any other symptoms. Shortly after it subsided, I got the worst “cold” of my life. That lasted for 5 days. Cough, runny nose, chest congestion. I couldn’t sleep. 

When it seemed like my cold was finally ending, I suddenly lost my sense of smell completely. I panicked, but I knew exactly what it was. Two days after losing my sense of smell, I couldn’t breathe. It took an incredible effort to walk more than 5 steps. I would be gasping for air after walking my dog the 6 feet to my front yard. That was the absolute scariest week of my life. This past Friday is what I believe was my “peak.” I lost my appetite, had horrible stomach issues, and I was confined to my bed as I could not move without getting winded.

I can happily say that today is the best I’ve felt in three weeks. I can finally breathe. I can walk more than 10 feet without getting winded. I have my appetite back. 

I just wanted to let people know that fat people can survive this! Going up and down stairs sucks.Makes my heart race among other things. Why? Bowel movements also make heart race. 130-140 BPM sometimes for no reason. Husband doesn’t believe me.My husband doesn’t seem to be taking me seriously. He took our 11 month old son to hang out with our neighbours downstairs, inside their house, even though i’m running a low fever and am waiting for test results. He didn’t disclose that i’m sick. I don’t know anyone who’s tested positive, and I haven’t had exposure to anyone besides my parents in the last few weeks- but I have the symptoms and we must assume it’s positive for the safety of others. He keeps saying “it’s probably allergies”. Shortness of breath returned after recovery?Hello! I was presumed positive back in March, before tests were available in my area. I was sick for about two months, &amp; have since recovered. I recently started exercising again, &amp; my shortness of breath has come back. Has anyone else experienced this? 

Thank you! Day 8 and worriedHi All.  I've been following this subreddit for a while and now I come with questions (even though I probably already know the answer since I've read so many of the posts here in the past).  Thank you in advance for responding.

Day 1:  8/16 GI issues and thought it was food poisoning

Day 2: 8/17 more of the same

Day 3: 8/18 more of the same, then chills out of nowhere and then a fever.  My first thought was mastitis as I'm still breastfeeding, but my breasts were not engorged and I didn't have any clogged ducts.

Day 4: 8/19 Scheduled and received a Covid test.  My doctor said that Day 3 to 6 is usually when people who need to go the hospital go, so watch out for any respiratory issues.  Instead of respitarory issues, I have more GI symptoms including stomach cramps, plus waves of chills, higher temp fevers up to 102.7, muscle aches, headaches (including tingling sensations behind my head).

Day 5: 8/20 more of the same as Day 4.  My result comes back negative.

Day 6: 8/21 The GI issues subside, I take Tylenol more regularly (every 4 hours) and have a follow up Zoom appointment with my doctor.  With my symptos, she says I have Covid despite what the test says (she reminds me that the false negative rate is so high and that if it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck ... well...).  She said she'll order me an anti-body test 3 weeks from today.  The doctor said it sounds like I have a very low viral load and my symptoms are mild despite the horrific chills and headaches I've experience. My symptoms start to fade.

Day 7: 8/22 Symptoms are mostly gone.  Still taking Tylenol, but now every 5 hours.  No fever.  Continue checking the oximeter and it reads 97-99.  

Day 8: 8/23 Same as Day 7, but now taking Tylenol every 6 hours.  However, I am still scared.  I check my oximeter religously.  I am also drinking lots of water and taking in vitamin C, Zinc and magnesium.  My doctor also suggested I eat and drink lots of anti-inflammatory foods, which I'm doing.  

I'm 39f, mom of 2 (had a c section in February, but very healthy and still breastfeeding -- I wear a mask and am self-isolating when I can).  My BMI is 22, and I'm a cyclist, runner and weightlifter.  No underlying health issues.  My question is -- now what?  My doctor said the days to worry about are 3-6, but I remember posts and articles in the past saying that it's days 8-12 that are most worrisome.  Any thoughts and experiences?   

Thank you so much.  And I'm in Southern California and fortunate to have medical coverage and medical group. Any encouraging stories?Hi guys, I most likely have covid-19 and I'm absolutely frightened because an acquaintance of mine who's only five years older than me passed away in June from complications of the disease. I'm 21, fairly healthy although I used to socially smoke and drink at parties. I'm allover just very afraid that something terrible will happen to me because of this and I was wondering if anybody around my age has any tips for dealing with this sickness or any encouraging stories of recovery. My sister was tested for COVID and while we wait for results my family insists on going outMy sister(12m/1 F) was taken to the hospital with a high fever and some other symptoms and was given a COVID test because they said it was most likely she has it. My family still insists on working and going out which is extremely bad considering both my parents are nurses . I just feel so guilty because I know I can’t stop them Any one else experiencing neck pain/headaches?My symptoms have been very mild, except for the headache. Day 1, I woke up with a sore throat and body aches and chills. Continued for a few days. Then I wake up with a migraine and a stiff neck. I’ve always suffered from headaches, Im on medication for it. This was different though, I maxed out my daily dosage of aspirin, ibuprofen, and acetaminophen every day, and I haven’t had any changes. I’m on day 5 rn, and it’s worse than ever. All other symptoms are gone though. Anyone else having mouth Mouth rash and sore throat after more than 14 days of recovery?My father was in ICU 19 days ago, he has been discharged after making a recovery 14 days ago. His tests were negative but doctors presumed him as COVID positive since there were many cases in my area and he had almost all the symptoms.  


Now he still has mouth rash and sore throat after 14 days. Does anyone else have the same experience? Should I be worried? Negative test but being treated as "presumed positive" by my provider, and other than family no one seems to be taking this seriouslyIs anyone else in this situation?  I'm extremely grateful that whatever I have, COVID or not, doesn't seem to be serious or life-threatening, but it is so FRUSTRATING to be in this spot.  I feel like this is the worst news I could have gotten, because I essentially have all of the negative parts of COVID but without anyone's compassion or understanding or a positive test result to back me up.  So, I don't get any peace of mind in knowing that I DON'T have COVID but I'm getting questioned left and right as if I saw this pandemic as an opportunity to get a last minute vacation.  According to my doctor, there is an up to 30% false negative rate, so when my test came back negative but my symptoms were still increasing, she ordered me another test and told me she would be treating me as "presumed positive."

I've had a fever for 9 days now, body aches, chills, headache, chest tightness, and shortness of breath.  I thought maybe it was just a weird virus and the chest tightness/shortness of breath was anxiety, but my doctor seems pretty convinced that's not the case.  I'm a 24F on-and-off smoker with childhood asthma that is flaring up due to this and I'm sure my other poor choices.

It's not like I want pity, but my employer and boss are treating me like I am just trying to get out of work or something.  I thought I would be understood because a fever is something objective, I can't make that up.  All I want is for my life to go back to normal, but I feel like shit physically and I would never be able to live with myself if someone more vulnerable got this.

Anyway, although I am very grateful to be in as good of shape as I am I just needed to vent.  Has anyone else found themselves in this situation? Ever since I had suspected covid symptoms I haven’t been able to breathe well and I don’t know where it’s coming fromI’ve gone to the doctor twice and they’re not taking me seriously so I don’t have any referrals to a specialist. What I experience is basically this feeling like I’m not getting enough oxygen no matter what. Often times it is accompanied by chest tightness, but not all the time. My chest could feel light but I still feel like I’m suffocating. I went to the doctor 3 days ago feeling like I was running out of air so badly only to be told my oxygen readings are fine. So yeah, I dunno what to do and I’m growing pretty desperate and I fear this will never end. I feel like I’m halfway between life and death all the time now. coronavirus in december?hey! 

after a few weeks of breathing problems and prolonged cough (NEVER had any problems before) i was admitted to hospital in late december 2019. i was diagnosed with pneumonia, emphysema and pneumomediastinum but doctors could not figure out a reason or any certain illness so i was let go hesitatingly but slowly got better at home. additionally, my parents aswell as a housemate got sick at the same time, so they could have gotten it from me then too. i was doing alright (still some breathing issues) until it all came back in march and i was put on loads of inhalers with “probable asthma”, now on a bunch of meds and waiting for results back to find out whether it’s asthma or copd or whatever the hell, but my new doctor mentioned that i most likely had covid in december as all the symptoms match as well as the overall downwards health spiral that followed. 

does anyone else know of any cases that they ACTUALLY know of that early/think it was covid? just looking to get some opinions :) thanks! I just got tested yesterday and I feel worse every single daySo I originally went to Urgent Care for an abscess on my leg that I needed to get antibiotics for. Well 3 days into my antibiotic cycle I started feeling so crappy. It started with neck and back pain, then I had the chills with my body aching, then I was fatigued, then I noticed my lymph nodes behind my ears are swollen which just puts so much pressure on my neck and head, I’m weak, had been sleeping all day. So I decided to go back after 3 days of dealing with this to the same urgent care thinking it was a reaction to the antibiotics well I went back and saw the same doctor and he said my symptoms sounded like Covid so I got tested and now I wait.I may have gotten it from the first time I came but I do everything I’m supposed to do, I wear my mask, wash my hands like crazy and I may have gotten Covid. I have all the same issues going on but a fever just got added on today. 
Did anybody else experience this? Covid 19 brings out the hypochondriac in me.I have 8 of the top 10 symptoms, so I'm thinking for sure, I have the "Rona". But after getting a negative result on both tests, I guess I'm just a hypochondriac. Or... maybe the test results are "false negatives? URI or CovidI've been sick for about a week. I got a hold of my doctor and he had told me I either had an URI or Covid. I am currently waiting on test results. My symptoms are headaches, congestions, sniffles, nausea, hot flashes, fatigue, my eyes are dry/burning, and I have a cough. No fever. I am 24 years old an am a smoker.

I've just been having horrible anxiety. I dealt with Agoraphobia for 2 years, started recovering, and then Covid came. My anxiety has been acting up lately and this is the cherry on top :( I really hope I don't have covid Shortness of breath day 5Hi! Two weeks ago my grandpa had a stroke, got hospitalized and when they sent him home, he tested positive. We had to bring him to my house (he used to live alone, but he's very dependent now), and my parents and I have been having covid symptoms for a week. We talked to a doctor who thinks we're positive and yeah basically we're pretty sure as well. 
My grandpa has been mostly asymptomatic, my dad has had fever, my mom coughing and nasal congestion, and I had a sore throat that went away but a bit of nasal congestion has remained. I've also had shortness of breath since Monday. 
I sleep well but during moments of the day and especially at night I have to breath very slowly and softly, because my chest starts to hurt and feel tight if I breath too deeply. If I agitate myself doing chores I also have to catch my breath a little bit. 
Other than that I feel okay. I don't know if I should check with a doctor, or get an X ray of my lungs. I have no other symptoms and I can do my life mostly normal but it gets annoying when the breathing problems happen. Also we have an oximeter so I know I'm not having oxygenation issues.
Should I be concerned about this? What have been your experiences with this symptom? 
Thanks in advance and hope you're all ok x Day two of feeling a whole lot better. Still really anxious that this could go south.Soooo....I went and got tested yesterday because I had loss of taste and smell. I've had symptoms since last Friday though, so this is technically day 7. It was rough for the first 4 days, followed by a day of feeling better, followed by another bad day. Today I feel pretty much normal minus this lingering sternum pressure. Almost feels like it needs to pop or something. I've been keeping up on my vitamins. 

I feel like maybe I got really lucky and this was an extremely mild case, but I have this lingering anxiety that it could go south. I read and hear way to often about people feeling better and then in a week they relapse and end up hospitalized. 

I get my test results in about 3-5 days, so I'm biting at my nails until I see them. My husband keeps telling me not to get in my head, and to stop thinking the worst, and I feel like for the most part I've done really good. But I just can't help that lingering anxiety... Scared...it’s been 6 days, had to get 2nd test...I’m saying presumed positive based on my symptoms. Should’ve had results back today but urgent care said my sample “spilled” so I had to get it done again today. I should have the results Monday or Tuesday. I’m very worried bc my symptoms aren’t really getting better. The only thing that’s “better” is there isn’t as much pressure in my back as Sunday and Monday. I haven’t had any fever at all. 
I feel extremely fatigued, pressure in chest, noticed burning/mild sob when walking, body aches. 
I have been reading other people’s descriptions of their timelines and they are all so different. I just feel like at day 6 I should notice some improvement. Idk. I’m just really upset and feeling like shit, plus tomorrow’s my birthday. :/
Then I am having this fear that it’s going to turn up negative, and then what? 
This is causing me so much anxiety and there’s really nothing I can do. My doc said the only thing to worry about is trouble breathing which (knock on wood) has not been an issue. Only when exerting myself for a walk that’s further than the kitchen and going up/down stairs. 
Am I crazy? Anyone have any words of encouragement? Advice? Presumed Positive C19 Mostly GI symptoms...Ok so here's the symptoms. Friday woke up with achy legs and back. Not quite flu type achy but definitely achy. Saturday woke up feeling fine and by Saturday evening I was running a low grade fever. Sunday the fever was MIA but I was extremely fatigued. Couldn't get out of bed, extremities felt extremely weak. Diarrhea and stomach pains started as well. Sunday night I started noticing small pings of chest pain whenever I would lay down. Cough started Sunday night. Monday was a lot of dry coughing, extremely tired still, didn't feel near as weak but couldn't do much. Tuesday I woke up feeling about 60% better so I cleaned my kitchen and vacuumed. Helped fold laundry. Was down exhausted again by Tuesday afternoon. Today I woke up feeling AMAZING. Still have diarrhea but had a firmer stool this morning. I decided to take it easy even though I felt so good today. By this afternoon my fever has returned to low grade and my stomach is cramping and doing flips. Still having diarrhea. No loss of taste or smell and no shortness of breath. Mild irritation in my chest, and coughing now and then. Feels like a setback. Just feel really nasty and run down. I was exposed from a family member who we think came out of quarantine too early. She tested positive and came out two weeks later still showing symptoms. I have corona and my cough is getting worse. Should i be worried???[removed] Loss of smell....can sort of taste?3 days ago I began to notice a smell lingering wherever I went...sort of a musty, damp smell. Cleaned everything, showered, still it lingered. 2 days ago things started tasting funny and not surprisingly, yesterday I had no sense of smell at all. I can every once and a while get a whiff of something very strong and concentrated, like peppermint oil, but otherwise nothing. I can sense on my tongue if something is minty or sweet or salty but it has no flavor, if that makes sense? I keep reading about total loss of taste and smell and I'm not sure I quite fit that description. Has this happened to anyone? I have also had a very slight cough, congestion, headaches and fatigue. 

I'm an ICU nurse in a covid ICU so naturally it is presumed my symptoms are covid and my test is pending. I know a lot about how the disease presents in the critically ill but I confess I do not know a lot about the different presentations in those who have milder illness. Did most of you with mild illness stay in the mild illness category or did you progress to getting much sicker? Anecdotally, I feel like most of the patients I've cared for started out with pretty severe presentations and got even sicker from there. Resurgenceo of SymptomsMy daughter (15y) tested positive. I was "doctor presumed positive" 3 days later (initially tested negative on the same day she tested).

Until yesterday, had been feeling well, minus a cough, fatigue, and random high resting heart rate, from day 6-17. Last night, I had sudden GI issues (diarrhea and vomiting), chills, minor fever.

Called my doctor this morning. Apparently, recovery isn't always linear. Symptoms can return for several weeks, even after feeling better. 

Anyone else experience symptoms in week 3 or 4, after "feeling better"? Tingly sensation in noseI feel like this has been my main symptom until I lost taste/smell. Does it go away or could it last indefinitely? Hubby and son both tested positive, husband has no symptoms. My son and I do though.Should I assume I’m positive? I haven’t gotten tested yet. They basically went and got tested because of my symptoms. They are tribal members so they get to go to a quick testing site with results within an hour. I can’t believe this. Sore throat, coughing and a headache but no fever. The doctor on the phone said to assume I’m positive. Just venting idk what I’m trying to even ask. Just worried. Loss of smell- going on 6 months[removed] Post covid, is your immune system lowerMy doctor and I  believe I had Covid back in March. The symptoms last for 4 weeks. Since then I seem to easily get colds and any type of viral infections that is floating around. The last time I had a cold for 2 1/2 weeks and it was brutal.  That was 2 weeks ago, today I woke up with a sore throat and congestion. 

Is this normal? Are long haulers still contagious?I’m not sure if I qualify as a long hauler, but I developed symptoms 3 weeks ago. Th only symptoms I’ve had for the last week and a half has been a constant low fever (usually in the 99s) and fatigue. I wouldn’t consider the fever substantial, but it’s also out of the ordinary for me. I think I heard somewhere the that viral stage of covid only lasts 2 weeks regardless of how long symptoms last. Is there anyone who can confirm this? I’ve not been able to go to my other house for three weeks because my grandparents live there and I haven’t wanted to get them sick so I would appreciate if anyone could shed some light. I’ve also tested negative twice, but have been presumed positive from my doctor if that makes any difference. Aching in arms only?hey all!  So I'm quarantined due to showing some mild symptoms (headache, cough, sore throat).  Last night I experienced some full body aches but when I woke up, they (plus the headache) were gone.  However, come afternoon, I have a mild headache and now only my arms are aching.  Anyone experience this?  Gonna be a while til I get my results. Asymptomatic,. tested positive (now negative)So I was required by work to get a test a few weeks ago, as a coworker tested positive.  I don't think that was who I got it from, as I was only around her for a total of maybe 3 minutes.  I was largely, if not completely asymptomatic, and tested negative 14 days later.  

Going to be going this afternoon for an antibody test, as id just like to make sure.  But from what I read, some people might have strong immune responses and not necessarily have antibodies?  Maybe I read wrong, as getting back to work has been a crazy whirlwind.  

Has anyone else been asymptomatic and later got an antibody test?  What were the results?  I'll also probably looking into the whole plasma donation thing once I know for sure. Waiting for you’re test results to come back is brutal Could it just be a common cold?Started off with a stuffy nose, 2 days later I had a sore throat. Last night was the worst night so far, but not much different than what a cold feels like. Lots of sinus pressure, even though I can kind of breath through my nose? Dry burning throat, and a constant small headache. Small aches in neck, and while in the bed I had a bit of a deep cough, but that went away in the morning. It's the afternoon after that night, and I just feel sick. I get tested tomorrow morning.

What are the chances this is influenza or a cold? No fever as of yet. I had a cold in November, and it feels somewhat similar, so could it be the same thing? I know.. just wait for the results.. but my mind wont quit wondering if this is covid19, is it normal to get a common cold in the middle of summer? Thanks everyone. I just moved in with my whole family how do I keep them safe from me?the doctor said I have a temp 
the last week I've had breathing issues (I thought it was from all the fires in my area and my severe asthma)
I've also have been sleepy but I do take lamictal which makes me really tired all the time
lots of the symtoms of covid are symtoms that I actually normally have without even being sick especially during summer (besides the temp) I'm getting tested tomorrow
my question is how do I keep my family safe? I've been in their house since the 15th no precautions were taken due to me not knowing (feeling "normally" sick for me anyway)
 dad is in his 50's my mom has multiple autoimmune diseases my older brother has no pre-existing conditions 
I'm scared that since I havent taken any precautions they will get way more ill than me
my parents wouldn't protest to getting me and my partner a hotel until we move into our new house (on the 1st of September) 
should I do that for now, what can they take or do to help them??? Favipiravir: should we be hopeful?Anyone have news on favipiravir and if it’s working for COVID patients? I probably have chronic fatigue now from having Corona in april. Slightest activity makes me crash for several days exhausted unable to do anything, bloodwork is normalIt just takes a short gentle walk for it to set in.
Immediately afterwards the headache arrives. It hurts around the temporals and then around the forehead. It's a dull pressuring headache. This pressure spreads to the jaws. The jaws start feeling heavy. Arms feel a bit heavy. Just in general there's a weird feeling in the body.

Flash forward 24 hours later. I wake up completely exhausted and unable to get out of bed. It's like there's something very heavy over me. Arms feel like they weigh 100 pounds. My whole upper body feels like it's wading through water and operating under slow motion. I feel like I've been in the gym and my body is full of lactate that never disappears. Sleep and recovery doesn't help. It's like waking up feeling hung over every day.

This exhausted feeling lasts for a week or two. Then I start feeling somewhat normal again. I take a short walk or maybe overextert myself at home. And this happens again. And so it goes in circles, and there's no end to this.

Former athlete and gymgoer. 23 yo. Now unable to take short walks.

Don't tell me I'm alone in experiencing this. I refuse to believe that. Long hauler question - big GI relapse in month 5[removed] Anyone else almost passing out after bending over and sitting up?I'm starting to wonder if I have heart issues developing. When I'm lying down and sit up, or if I'm squatting and then stand up, I get really dizzy and have to hang on to the wall to keep from falling over. Everything tries to go black and I go weak. Only lasts a few seconds but it happens EVERY single time I do these things. It's not like it's avoidable, I do have to lay down or sit in a chair. Doesn't seem to matter how slow or fast I get up.
Anyone else having similar issues? I have all the other fun stuff like fatigue, heart palptiations, serious lower back pain, etc. I just tested positive today.I've been moving back to college and went to get tested yesterday at my university's testing center. I got the results back this morning and it was positive. My roommate went to get tested with me and she tested negative. I've been asymptomatic. How positive are false positives? Currently quarantined after Covid test, if I don’t have it, what is the likely cause of my symptoms?So the first thing I noticed was a sore throat. Tuesday or Wednesday of last week. Then it turned into fatigue, chills, and aches starting on Friday. 

I went to the doctor yesterday &amp; he tested me for strep which was negative. Then he said we need to test for Covid. He didn’t mention anything else. 

If my Covid test is negative, what am I likely experiencing? A stomach bug, a cold? Got a negative test yesterday but showing coughing symptoms today[removed] Is my cat safe from covid 19?I learned today that my sisters friend just tested positive, they had spent all weekend together having sleepovers at my moms house (they are 9).

I was also spending the whole weekend there having grill parties and watching movies, sharing popcorn etc.
I’m pretty sure I’ve been infected, gonna get tested sometime this week.

Now I’m at home whit my cat and I’m a bit worried for him, is he safe? Month 4 of post-viral fatigue. Still not better, but here are some things that have helped me.Just like many of you, I’ve been struggling with post-viral fatigue for months. I’ve had stints where I felt good for 2 weeks, to then crash again after some not-too-intense activity (walking, mowing my lawn, etc.). Very random.

In the beginning I struggled a lot mentally. The fear kicked in that I’m never going to recover from this, and that this is going to be for the rest of my life. 4 months later I feel a lot more positive, even though I still crash regularly. Here’s a few things that I feel have helped me:

* Daily meditation for 10-15 min
* The quote “This is natural. Bodies get sick sometime.”
* The quote “The future is unknown. All I can do is take care of myself in this moment.” (This reminder really helps me to just focus on the present on the bad days)
* I asked myself “If I had to bet on whether or not I’ll make a full recovery, what would I do?”, and my answer was that since I’m young and generally healthy, I’d bet that I’ll fully recover. It might just take time.
* Improved my sleep (see below)
* Take time off work

I know that last one is tricky, and I feel very privileged to be able to do it. My work has been super supportive and they’re giving me all the time I need to recover. I’m on short-term disability leave so I still get paid a little over half of my regular income, which is enough to sustain my lifestyle. I tried to return to work a few times, but I kept crashing. I’ll likely continue my leave until at least the end of the year. Again, I know not everyone can afford to do this, and I feel very privileged.

Lastly, when all of this started I had really bad insomnia. I would be able to fall asleep quickly, but I would wake up a few hours later and not be able to go back to sleep. My doctor prescribed me several sleeping meds, but none of them worked. A friend of mine suggested taking THC gummies (I live in Canada, so cannabis is legal) before bedtime. This has improved my sleep a lot. It’s still not perfect, my sleep is not as refreshing as it used to be, but most days I get 8-9 hours of sleep. This drastically improved my mood. I also consistently go to bed at 10pm every night.

I also tried CBD oil, but that didn’t seem to do anything for me.

That’s about it. Maybe I feel more positive and somewhat better because some time has passed and I’m learning to live with this and learn my limits, or maybe it’s due to some of the things I described above. I’m not sure. I just figured I share in the hopes that it helps some of you. Most symptoms of covid 19 but negative test?Has anyone experienced a lot of the covid 19 symptoms and ended up with a negative test result? My symptoms started Friday night (8/14) and have gotten drastically worse since. I had a rapid test done this morning that came back negative, but I was told to self isolate for 72 hours and then go be retested. I was hoping the test result would give me some answers but it just confused me instead. 
 My current symptoms- sore throat, congestion, terrible headache that’s lasted over 24 hours now, loss of most of my smell and taste, slight occasional cough, slight shortness of breath after doing simple tasks, muscle aches, muscle weakness, an on and off low-grade fever, hot and cold flashes, and really bad diarrhea. Getting a test tomorrow.I’m 16 y/o living in the ol USA. Symptoms started suddenly in the evening on Thursday. Got the following symptoms in this order:

- Chills
- Fever (104F as of yesterday, almost normal with ibuprofen)
- Diarrea
- Intense GI issues
- Tiredness
- Muscle Aches
- Neck Stiffness
- Lower Back Pain
- Slight Cough (not consistent)

Was super sudden. Doctor told me to wait until Monday for a test as COVID takes time to colonize. Symptoms after fluSymptoms after flu

I’ve been having some very uncomfortable symptoms since getting sick 4-5 months ago.
The past two weeks have been the worst.  My symptoms are:

1. Throbbing heavy head pressure when waking up (gets better as the day goes by but always there...makes me nauseous and feel like throwing up)

2. Stiff neck and shoulders when waking up (like I had just worked out)

3.  Facial tension and full ears when waking up (especially on the side I’ve slept on)

4.  Blood pooling into my knees and legs when laying down for long periods of time 

5. Extreme dizziness after eating a large meal (almost feel like passing out, I start losing my balance)

6.  If I stand up anytime I feel weak and fatigued, especially after eating, I begin to get extremely lightheaded, with heavy heavy head pressure and my heart rate spikes up extremely fast (only time I really deal with dramatic heart rate increase...forces me to run cold water on my eyes to relax my heart rate)

7.  Constantly feel like I’m on a boat or somewhat drunk (afraid time move too fast for fear of dizziness and nausea)

8.  Tachycardia and heart palpitations anytime I use the bathroom and defecate!

9.  Pain between shoulder blades in a specific spot.  (Any time I over exert myself I get pain right in between my shoulder blades and in my neck at the occipital nerves)

10. Moving my eyes too fast causing extreme head pressure in facial area (could happen even while I’m laying down) 

11.  Head feels like pulling sensation when eyes closed (like I’m on a rollercoaster, about to drop)

12.  “Overheating”...feeling extreme hot internally at random times of the day.  Heart palpitations ensue


All these symptoms have been on and off for the last 4-5 months.  There were weeks where I felt good! But now it’s come back so much worse in the last two weeks.  How long do these “flares” last?? 

My brain mri with contrast, CAT scan, chest x ray, blood work, vitals etc have all been unremarkable and normal.

Yet I’m constantly dealing with extreme head pressure, dizziness, nausea, imbalance etc.

My doctor has ordered an ecg and 24 hr heart monitor to track my blood pressure and heart but I’m thinking what I’m dealing with is neurological...

Doctors have told me I had inner ear infections, sinus problems...but I feel this is different.  Could it be Vestibular or autonomic dysfunction?? 

The only thing that seems to help is laying somewhat flat and wrapping a band around my head to relieve the pressure.  

Any advice would be great.  

Male
31 yrs old 
185 lbs 
5’8 Negative test results, but still feeling badI was tested two ways, and just received Negative results. I’m happy, and I want to feel relieved. But I don’t. I still have all of the same symptoms Ive been dealing with for a week already. It’s Bronchitis and I know it has to run its course. I’m just so tired of feeling this way. Here’s hoping you all get relief soon, so you can go back to living your life again! How Did You Handle Diarrhea?For those of you who tested positive, what did you do about the constant diarrhea?  My husband is experiencing this right now. Doctor is pretty sure he has COVID-19. Test results should come back (hopefully) by Wednesday or at least sometime this week.

He's taking Tylenol (fever and chest pain) and Delsym (coughing) for now. I wanted to give him some of the anti-diarrhea medicine I have (Up&amp;Up anti-diarrheal) but I just want to make sure this would be a good idea. 

Did any of you do something differently?

Thanks in advance. I feel ashamed and don't want to face my coworkers.In the past months since this started I've gone out to unnecessary places exactly 4 times- 3 tj Maxx and 1 dollar store. Everything else has been necessary purchases. I've hung out with 2 friends that have been super careful and cleaning everything and have worn a mask the entire time I was with them. I have been washing my hands constantly and trying my hardest not to touch my face. At work I wore a face shield with a mask.

I still got abnormal on my test. :( I still feel embarrassed and almost dirty. Anyone else? I tested negative a few days after testing positiveSeveral days ago, I posted on here venting about testing positive 4 months after already having the virus. A few days after that recent positive covid test result, I tested again to rule out a false positive. Today, I got my result back and tested NEGATIVE. 

&amp;#x200B;

I'm relieved, but I'm still a little skeptical even though I had no real symptoms. False negatives are more common than false positives, so I will try to be more aware if I do develop any symptoms. The only possible symptoms I had felt like seasonal allergies and that's all they probably were.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

\*I had to add a flair in order to post this so that was the closest fit anyone else have fluctuating fever?I get my results in later today. The highest my fever has ever been was 103.6. Yesterday it was 98.7, then 99.5, then this morning it was 100.6. This is probably the 5th day. My symptoms now are just sore throat, yellow phlegm, a cough with dull pain in the back of my chest, and a sharp pain in my back but that could be from my job. My headache went away so thats good! I dont have loss of taste or smell either. I just wish the fever would break and go away! Has anyone's taste gone back to normal?[deleted] Has anyone's taste gone back to normal?Hi guys, so I was most likely positive around the beginning of May, along with my dad and his fiancée. We all had very mild symptoms, and I was the only one who entirely lost the senses of taste and smell. That lasted for about two weeks, and although it didn't come back 100% it didn't bother me that much. But at the beginning of July food started to taste weird for me, mostly sweet food. It's not unbearable but it definitely is annoying, and I avoid it. I am also the only one to be experiencing this in my family.

My question is, has anyone that has had this weird taste issues recovered from it? Thanks! Anyone else peeing a lot?Female, on day 12. Day 9 I had the same issue. I'm having to pee every 30 mins - an hour. No burning or pain. I'm actually peeing, quite a bit too. So i dont think its a uti. Diarrhea hasn't been this bad in awhile. The low back pain is unbearableMy fever has broken this morning although I do believe I feel it creeping back up. I just began to show symptoms Friday night. My legs and hips and basically all over has been incredibly achy with the fever. I toss and I turn and I cannot get Comfortable or stay asleep for very long. This morning I wake up feeling better except the low back pain. It’s excruciating!  I can’t lay down, I can’t stand up, it hurts constantly. Across my lower back, deep inside, and it catches my breath it’s so intense. I don’t think it’s my kidneys as it’s too low. Is this a normal symptom. Has anyone else had this awful unbearable pain? Nurse who tried her best to stay healthy.Healthy female 25yr Wisconsin. 
Not quite sure what to call day 1. Started August off with a mild cough, not unusual as I have asthma. Felt great the beginning of the month other than that. 

8/11/2020- Terrible migraine along with aura, vertigo and general fatigue (normal - get these about 4x a year) which lasted until 8/13. Cough progressively worsened, body wide muscle aches along with complete lack of appetite. Also began taking 4+ hour long afternoon naps... the kind that you have no choice over. 

At this point I was still in denial thinking I had overworked myself. Luckily, I had been staying at home this whole time, other than a trip to my workplace to get a migraine IV where all PPE was worn. 

Evening of 8/14 felt a lot worse. Couldn’t move, talk, or take a deep breath without having a coughing fit. Along with a band like pressure around my chest. Decided to take my temp. Which ended up ranging from 101 - 102.3. Took some Advil and went to bed hoping that I would wake up feeling better. 

8/15 - Woke up feeling not great. Temp Stanley in the 101s. Attempted to schedule a telehealth visit with my clinic to be evaluated for testing... they couldn’t get me in until end of the day on Sunday. Ended up calling another urgent care and then driving there to be seen and tested. 
At urgent care I was told I didn’t have a temp, but was COVID tested. Once the NP came and saw me, she noted that my heart rate was in the 140s while resting with a very high blood pressure and respiration’s in the high 20s-30s. We discussed taking albuterol for the SOB, and why I held off due to my heart rate. After listening to my lungs and heart she stated that I was “burning up” and that I needed to be on a monitor for my heart. I was then sent to the ER. 
The ER staff was great, was tested for bacterial pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, and endocarditis. Given fluids, toradol, and zofran. Sent home to rest, try to push fluids, quarantine, and to come back if I get any worse. I cannot day enough great things about the clinic and ER staff. 

After coming home, I was still febrile at 101. But attempted to eat and nap. Later that evening, the nausea returned and everything that I had consumed was vomited up. Highest temp through the night was 102.7. Woke up in a puddle of sweat. Gross. 

8/16 - Same symptoms as yesterday, no vomiting yet, but have only consumed water and liquid Advil. Temps still in the 101s even with the antipyretic. Made myself shower while I was awake. Hoping my results come in tomorrow. 

Any suggestions to make this easier on myself/ loved ones? I don’t know if it’s worse for me, or if it’s worse for them not being able to help me. 
Sorry for the rambling. ANYONE ELSE HAD THE BLOATING?Am waiting for my test tomorrow.

However, I have had around two weeks of weird gastric symptoms. Diarrhea, flatulence, crazy amount of bloating, no matter how little I eat. No appetite and non-specific abdominal pains and sometimes nausea. Scales reading highest weight of my whole life, though I’m eating virtually nothing (presuming this is water weight as I’m very bloated). Uncomfortable after a few bites of food.

Anyway, I assumed this was IBS or something till Thursday night when I suddenly developed the worst fever I’ve ever had (about two weeks after mild gastric stuff started). Headache and muscle pains too. Fever seems to have gone already, but fatigue and gastric stuff still here. Didn’t assume this was anything at all COVID related till my boyfriend suddenly seems to have it too. Dr thinks this could be an atypical presentation of COVID. Don’t have the cough.

Any similar experiences please? Particularly the bloating? Thanks! How can I prevent getting my family sick?I went on a trip and it turned out that someone there was sick. I isolated as soon as I got home bring all my luggage to my bedroom with me. I live with my mum who has COPD. I've developed a cough, fever and body aches. It's been 3 days since symptoms began, my doctor presumes its covid and I feel like I have a usual chest virus right now.

We share a bathroom and that is my main concern. I sanitise my hands and put on a mask before I leave my room and wash my hands vigoursly. My mum has been giving me room service by leaving food and drinks outside my room. Is there still a big risk that she'll get it too? She's not showing any symptoms so far. Help understanding the testMy grandfather had something we ASSUME was covid like 3 months ago. He was very sick for a couple of weeks and has been slowly getting better. My grandmother never had anything wrong and she lives with him with minimal safety precautions for herself.

&amp;#x200B;

Today my sister thought it would be cute (since hes doing so much better) to perform a Fortress Igg Igm test to see if he had it for sure, but when we ran the test with the drop of blood, all 3 of the lines came back positive.

This apparently means the virus is active and the body is fighting against it, but neither he or my grandmothr have been exposed outside of their homes, no visits, everything coming in is being desinfected by alcohol, etc. and he looks so well and healthy.

&amp;#x200B;

Can the virus come in, make you sick and then go dormant again?

What is the efficiency of these tests in figuring out if he really did had covid or something else? Looking to See if Anyone has had a similar experienceI was sick in March for a month, but I couldn't get tested then. I had the cough, fever, sore throat, fatigue, runny nose, etc. and I'm never sick for a month so I assumed that it was Covid. I couldn't get tested then.

I've been sick again since the beginning of July, it's been about 5 and a half weeks now. It's a similar vibe but some different symptoms. No cough this time, just a sore throat, fatigue, brain fog occasional headache and occasional queasiness. I've tested negative twice, but once again I'm never sick this long and the doctor said that it could be Covid or another virus. My gut tells me this is Covid.

It's kind of a mind fuck because every day one symptom will go away and then they will come back.

Does anyone else have a similar story? I really would just like to get an idea of what I'm in for. I'm going to plan on getting a third test. Has anyone had this for over a month and recovered? Would love to hear a story that gives me some hope. Covid gives three month immunity after infection according to the CDCI am at 4+ months post infection with severe illness in March.  Last week, I felt a milder case of Covid-19 symptoms, with gastric distress, shortness of breath, fevers.  Today, I had a new symptom  for me.  A stabbing pain in the temple.  And then I read the CDC gives a three month window of immunity after infection.  Possibly, I got infected again but the symptoms are milder this time around.  I need better masks. diarrhea remedy suggestionsOur family has had mild Covid but my teenage daughter has had diarrhea for over a week. It’s not everyday. This is her only Covid symptom. 

Has anyone had it for over a week? What remedy do you suggest to help? doctor says allergies but how did i give my mom allergies? didnt know those were contagiousits been 11 days since ive been feeling sick im goin to  the cardiologist to get checked out because my body has been feeling very off i can do normal things feel 100%. no heart issues but if i decide to smoke its like i can feel it putting to much stress heart beating heard head pressures. and then boom like having covid or "allergies" all over again super body fatigue,fever basically till i drink pedialyte. really i just dont know whats going on Is CRP 84 mg/L COVID?My mom had a bit of a fever this morning and she just got the results for the CRP test and it says it’s quite high. Is that necessarily COVID? Mild symptoms for 10 days[removed] feeling exhausted - heart palpitations - mental confusion - i'm very scaredfirst of all, sorry for my bad english, i'm from Brazil.

so here is what i'm experiencing for the last 6 days:

in the first days i felt very exhausted and my body was very hot but didn't had fever

having palpitations all the time, feels like heart skipped a beat or beat twice very fast. went to the doctor and he said it's "anxiety".

can't workout anymore, used to workout early morning every single day. last time i went to the gym was 3 days ago and i felt very bad.

can't stand up much or i feel dizzy and my heart rate spikes

also i'm forgetting alot of things and get confused every time doing simple tasks

it's very hard to get tested here. they'll only test you if you're on heavy symptoms. 

doctor prescribed  azithromycin, 500mg  for 5 days.

so this isn't "just a flu" after all. i hope you all get better. if you did not get infected yet, protect yourself and don't let any margin of error because the virus is everywhere. I don't know what to even think anymore.Back in May during the height of the quarantine my wife got pretty sick with what we suspected at the time was Covid.  Once her test came back though it was negative.  She had all of the classic symptoms that started off with a slight cough and sore throat one day that became a fever and general fatigue that knocked her out of commission for a few days.  This was followed by a dry cough for about two weeks and noticeable shortness of breath while doing things like going up the stairs.  We kept track of her o2 levels with a cheap monitor from Amazon and they went down but didn't dip below 94 (she started at 98-99).  During all of this I really didn't have any noticeable symptoms other than a slightly irritated throat and a strange low grade fever (99-100 degrees) that came and went over the course of the week (and the only reason that I really even noticed it was because I was checking my temperature when she did).  I decided not to get tested because the tests were still somewhat hard to come by and I didn't really have any major symptoms outside of feeling a little warm in the face sometimes.  We had pretty much only been leaving the house individually to grab some groceries every couple of weeks at that point in time.  We figured that maybe we were just unlucky and she had caught some other respiratory illness while social distancing during a global pandemic (I had always thought in the back of my head that her test results were inaccurate based on the symptoms though).

Well flash forward to this week and I felt a little warm one night so I took my temperature and noticed that I was running a fever of 100 degrees.  I moved myself into our spare bedroom and then had two solid days of a pretty good fever and chills all while feeling like I had been run over by a truck.  By the third day I was feeling somewhat back to normal, just a little bit tired and worn down.  While this was all going on I learned that some people I had played hockey with the weekend before were starting to show symptoms as well and tested positive (in hindsight it was pretty dumb of me to be playing a team sport right now but I figured there was a somewhat decent chance that I had already had it and justified it in my head because I was back to work anyways and faced daily exposure there).

So today I finally get my test results back and they show up as... negative.

Basically, I'm just super confused at this point.  Given my recent known exposure and symptoms I'm almost 100% sure it's a false negative this time (but who really knows I guess).  So far my wife luckily hasn't shown any symptoms yet this round (I've been staying away from her but it isn't like we are living on separate wings of a mansion).  Is it possible that I had such a mild case the first time that I either didn't produce any antibodies to prevent a future infection or lost them over time?  It is almost like my body knew about the virus already but couldn't stop the initial infection and once things got going I was able to bounce back somewhat quickly?  Maybe that prevented me from having a positive test result?  I haven't had any breathing issues or cough yet and feel pretty much back to normal already thankfully.  I've also been running myself down from working 12+ hour days for the last couple of weeks so maybe that left me more susceptible?

Such a strange virus with more questions than answers at this point.  I'm almost hopeful that it was something completely different from Covid because it doesn't look good for long term immunity otherwise and we aren't getting rid of this thing anytime soon.  I'm trying to convince my wife to go and get an antibody test once we are through this round of isolation but she doesn't like needles (and it sounds like those are even less accurate than the diagnostic tests).

This got longer than I intended but wanted to share my experience since reading about everyone else has helped me.  Stay safe out there everyone and healing vibes to those still battling. Presumed to have COVID in March, but just now getting heart palpitations?I am a healthy 28 year old male suspected to have had COVID in mid March, but the testing criteria in my area did not allow me to get a test at the time. I had the typical symptoms: fatigue, chills, trouble breathing, but it wasn't too serious. All of my symptoms went away in a couple weeks.

Fast forward 5 months, and I am very suddenly having frequent, sometimes jarring, heart palpitations. I can almost always feel my heart beating in my chest. I frequently feel a "fluttering" feeling along with a sensation similar to when you go down a sudden drop on a roller coaster. It's very unsettling. My heart rate and blood pressure have remained mostly normal.

What are the chances this is COVID related? Has anyone else here experienced something similar? Any advice or next steps? Mental fogI started showing symptoms only a few days ago when I had a spike in my temperature(~101°F)... then the severe headaches came in. Luckily those symptoms only lasted about 2 days, but then the mental fog set in. I noticed this when I started “getting better” and was playing video games that I sucked really bad compared to before the symptoms. I was consistently last place. Eventually I had to stop out of frustration, but clearly something was wrong. I knew I was still somehow sick.

As weird as it may sound, the mental fog is actually quite a familiar feeling. I was concussed when I was in middle school and had extreme trouble remembering where my next class was so I was sent home. With COVID-19 I have a familiar sensation of cognitive decline. Luckily, the mental fog isn’t there all the time. It shows up without warning and goes away if I sleep, but there’s only so much sleep that I can handle. There are times when I just sit there and stare at the ceiling with absolutely zero thoughts running through my head and that takes up about an hour of my day until I notice. It’s terrifying to me that there isn’t much info on how the virus interacts with the brain. I just want to know when and if I’ll be back to 100%. I’m in my 20’s and I statistically wasn’t supposed to show symptoms whatsoever and yet here I am with a semi-functioning brain. Direct exposure, all the symptoms, but tested negativeHi, 

So yesterday, I started getting this dry cough and started to generally not feel well, and that concerned me. Later into the night, I was coughing more, had a hard time breathing and a tightness in my chest. It felt worse when I laid down.

This morning, I woke up feeling the same, if not worse. I went to an urgent care who gave me an immediate covid test. I thought I would get the results in 24-48 hours but she goes "oh no, wait here and we'll have an answer for you in 15-20 minutes". 

45 minutes later... Results came back negative. 

The doctor said given my exposure and symptoms (accute fever, cough, difficulty breathing, chest pain, muscle aches) he's said to treat this as a "presumed positive" as it's possible that it was a"false negative" because those particular COVID tests are only 80% accurate, or it may have been too early to get an accurate test.

Now I don't know what to believe, or what to do. I feel like dogshit. Help please 😔 Allergic reaction for weeks?23 Year old male, no prior health issues. Think I may have had COVID in March, wasn't tested.

I've had severe hives paired with bloodshot eyes, and a tight, itchy throat (sort of feels swollen?) for the past 3-4 weeks.

I've been tested for COVID twice in the past 2 weeks -- negative both times, as well as a full viral panel which I tested negative for everything else (strep, mono, HIV, lymes, etc.) I'm currently waiting on my allergy tests results, but have never had allergy issues in the past. The hives and swollen throat feeling definitely seem to be worse at night for some reason. I've been monitoring my o2 as it's consistently been in the 96-98 range.

I was given prednisone for four days but it didn't seem to do anything, also z-pack to deal with any potential bacterial infection. For the past few days I've been taking Flonase in the AM and Zyrtec in PM, to not much effect.

Doesn't help that my anxiety kicks in when the symptoms get intense! Anyone else experiencing anything similar? Bizarre leg numbness and burning?Hello! My wife contracted covid somehow end of July (rarely leaves the house, masks when she does) about a week before I did. It’s hit her hard (extreme fatigue, horrible back pain, pain behind the eyes, deep chest cough). She is still not on the mend. 

Anyway, My test came back negative - though I presumed myself positive and have been at home with her the whole time. 

I’ve been ok. Except starting last night (aug 14) my chest starting BURNING like I ate the sun. Some slight pressure but not horrible. And as of about 30 minutes ago, my legs have gone numb from my knees down. Feet are tingling. 

I am full on about to have a panic attack since our symptoms are so different. I’ve not met anyone else with the burning or numbness I’m feeling. Is anyone else experiencing similar issues??

Ps, sending you all love and wishing you a speedy recovery. Tested negative but being treated for COVID-like symptomsIndian here who was sick for the past two weeks with high fever, light body pain, light cough and Phlegm. The COVID PCR test turned out negative. After a second opinion, I was started on Favipiravir medication for my COVID-like pneumonia symptoms. Waiting for the result of my CT-scan.



The fever subsided as soon as I started on the medication. Anyone else have experience with this drug? My husband is having symptomsI might have chosen the wrong flair...sorry if I did.

We have been staying home since March - apart from work and the once-in-a-blue-moon visit to a store (groceries or clothing), we do not go out. My husband has to go to work every day.  There are two buildings, right next to each other. In the one my husband does not work in, someone tested positive and they sent everyone home and scheduled a deep cleaning. They confirmed the individual did not mingle with anyone in the building my husband works in.

Yesterday, when he came home, he was fine.  We ate dinner and played some old nostalgic Minecraft. While he was playing, he began to get really sleepy and cold.  

We laid down and my husband kept complaining how cold it was - he almost never does that. We checked his temperature but it was normal. He coughed a little and said his muscles were aching slightly too. Then he said he had felt nauseous earlier but the feeling had gone away. Took his temperature again, and it had gone up a little bit. I asked how else he was feeling. He said he was having difficulty breathing but no breathing problems. Asked him to clarify and he said he has to take small breaths or he'd cough but he can still breathe. He was very hot though he complained it was cold, so I made him take some Tylenol.

Shortly after, I took his temperature again, and it was 100.7. I made him call off from work and sat down to schedule a COVID-19 test. The earliest we can do is this Sunday.  When I was reading through the symptoms they have on their site, I had to check off most of them:

difficulty breathing  
fever  
chills  
headache  
fatigue  
nausea  
muscle aches  
(I feel like there was  more, but I was so tired last night that I don't remember them all)  


I asked him how he's feeling today and he said much better.  True - no more fever and he doesn't need to take short breaths. But that brings little comfort; I know symptoms can go away and then come back with a vengeance.

I am terrified right now, and I know that if he's caught it, I probably have it too. I cried and cried last night. I'm hoping, if he is positive, that he will have mild symptoms or will be able to recover swiftly.

I've read so much on what you should do if you suspect someone caught it or if you are sick. I live with roommates but unfortunately, they aren't responsible enough to help take care of my dog.  I also don't want her to get sick but I'm not sure what to do right now. I don't have family out here or friends so there's no one I could ask to watch my pup for me.

Guess it's time to self-quarantine/self-isolate until we know for certain. Wish us luck. I lost my teaching job because of COVIDI'm a 32 year old previously healthy female who was teaching in the Detroit Public School system. I was forced to teach for a week after EVERY local store ran out of hand sanitizer in early March. First grade. The last day of school, I worked closely with my academic interventionist preparing learning packets for the kids, as most do not have access to technology. She was on a vent a few days later. I wasn't critical and at this time tests were reserved for critical patients. I was denied with a resting HR of 115 and O2 of 94.
It started as a bad cold. Was still able to call families and do little video lessons. Then, seriously one day to the next, BAM. I do not remember the month of April at all, or most of May. I slept nearly the entire day and my boyfriend had to help me get to the bathroom. My fatigue was so extreme, the TV went to screensaver and the remote was JUST next to me, but I would rather watch the screensaver than get it. All I remember is that and sweat and sleep. 
Eventually I had small bouts of energy and could hobble about the apartment on my own. I'd be absolutely winded, and it's a tiny apartment. 
Then heart issues. Went to the ER several times in the COVID unit. They had no hand soap in the bathroom. HR was 150. Went to a cardiologist. Holter, 14 day event monitor, 24 hour urine. HR was 190 with no exertion. Tingling body, headaches, GI issues, d dimer elevated, something with platelets and WBC.
 I got put on a beta blocker and about to see a neurologist when my district contacted me to let me know I was terminated for "job abandonment". I had 6 out of 33 kids with internet access and was told they'd be ok when I started to get sick. I GOT SICK AT WORK. I'm so scared and now I have no insurance and I don't know what to do. I'm not deathly ill anymore, just tired and neuro stuff. Two negative tests, docs say otherwiseApologies in-advance if this post is nonsensical anywhere; It’s the “sick brain”. 
This is my second bout of concerning symptoms  this year. I posted a few months ago with concerns about chills, dizziness, etc. and my test came back negative then. 
This is much, much worse.


I started by feeling pain reminiscent to costochondritis as well as running out of breath with minimal activity. That, very quickly, turned into a disaster-cocktail of exhaustion, dizziness, nausea, lower abdominal cramps, night sweats, GI issues, sore throat...you name it, I’ve got it.
I was rapid-tested on Tuesday, 8/11 and the doctor openly stated that he was shocked my result was negative. Temp has been normal, but resting HR was at 115 (normally 75-80 for me). 
I was sent home with a z-pack, asthma inhaler, and the steroid shot given in-office and told to consider myself positive nonetheless. 
Told to take the meds and to follow up today (8/14) if things hadn’t improved. 

Very early Wednesday morning, my GI issues got much worse and I have yet to find any explanation for them. (Would be interested to know what GI symptoms others are dealing with/what the causation is from a COVID standpoint.)
All of my other symptoms have maintained severity. 
After speaking to the clinical staff today, the consensus seems to be, “well your test says negative but we’re almost certain you are positive.”

I’m not sure if I was once positive, if the two tests have been at inopportune times, or if I have something completely unrelated, but this has definitely been a difficult experience. 
I wanted to share my story in case anyone is going through something similar. 

Stay healthy. Am I a potential "long hauler?"I'll start by saying I'm a 22F with severe asthma. I have been feeling just generally unwell since late March. Right before getting sick, my brother returned home from college in southern California and my boyfriend was working with someone who was presumed positive with all the classic COVID symptoms. About a week after while my mom, brother, boyfriend and I were under quarantine where we live in northern California, all of us started developing symptoms which included a low grade fever, chest tightness, shortness of breath, and mild cold like symptoms like congestion and headaches. However, after my family started to get better, I got worse. I spent the whole month of April with horribly painful and aggresive GI issues that multiple medicines couldn't help. I have slowly gotten over that, but the one thing that won't go away for me is the shortness of breath. Over the last few weeks, my boyfriend has been experiencing the same GI issues I had along with my chest tightness and shortness of breath. I finally saw a lung specialist yesterday and after discussing everything with them, she said it's likely that I had COVID at the time and since I have asthma, I'm just taking a long time to get better. Since I couldn't get a test in March or April, my first test wasn't until the very end of May. I've had two more negative tests since then as well. Has anybody else experienced anything like this? Am I doomed to be short of breath forever? I need some hope. Thank you to anyone who took the time to read this. Never a fever or coughI’ve taken the IBB antibody test and came back negative
Never got the nasal swab

Feb 1 is when it began in a very mild manner, but it never disappeared.

32m
160 lbs
San francisco

Symptoms I’ve noticed: 
1: ongoing menthol/tingling/frostbite sensation in my throat and nose since feb 1 that can extend to my feet and hands and face when body is depleted of minerals or energy, and it sometimes retreats and becomes almost unnoticeable
2: a “heaviness” in my head and chest, the sensation is as if my organs and brain were operating in a denser gravity field, blood feels thick.
3: fatigue
4: occasional confusion

These are the main symptoms and I’ve noticed these actions effect the severity of them:

A: 10k steps leads to a multi day worsening. Even light exercise like walking 5 miles increases the tingling and dense feeling in my organs.
B: improper diet increases symptoms
C: caffeine increases symptoms harshly
D: lack of sleep increases symptoms

I’m a bit nervous that I have a chronic disease, and I fear that I won’t be able to rid myself of these seemingly permanent symptoms.

Though the synthetic antibodies do seem promising. If I do indeed have the virus present in my body, perhaps an infusion of these synthetic antibodies would lead to such a reduction in viral load that I would have some long term reprieve. 

Anyone familiar with the symptomology I’ve described? PositiveI’m so incredibly sad. It feels like a bad dream. I’m 23 and overweight so I’m worried I will get a severe case of it. It feels like a bad cold right now. I started to feel off on Wednesday. A family member I live with is positive so the doctor said I more than likely have it given my symptoms. Thoughts on Supplements for Covid?[removed] Weird IgG positive resultHi Everyone,

I tested IgG +ve IgM -ve , yesterday with the rapid antibody test. Does it definitely mean I had covid or is there something I can do to check further ?
Does IgG +ve can be due to a flu?

Background -
The reason I took the test was because 5 weeks ago, I had suddenly 101F / 38.2C fever followed by low grade fever 99F/ 37C for the next 7 days while I was taking paracetamols. During this time I felt tired easily, pain behind eyes ( for a day or two )  and had next to nothing phlegm.
I was back to heath on Day 10 to deal with dental swelling ( bad July for me ) &amp; right now I feel perfectly normal.
During my sickness, I just took one sick day from work, I studied &amp; cleared a certification ( not voluntarily ) , did my laundry , cooked for myself and took care of rest of the usual stuff.

Twist -
What’s funny is my flatmate who flew back from LA &amp; takes way less precautions than i do, tested negative.
We share a common space &amp; bathroom in the apartment. Loss of Sensation Throughout My BodyLet me preface this by saying I’m angry. It’s been over 2 weeks since I got swabbed and had my blood taken and I have yet to receive results (presumed positive). 

I had various symptoms over the course of a week towards the end of July. Cough, sore throat. Fever. My fever went away and with it, I lost my sense of smell and taste. Once I felt I was short of breathe, I visited the ER. There, I was told that I was perfectly healthy based on my vitals and chest x-ray, and I was sent home with no medication and told to relax as it was likely anxiety. 

Over the course of the last couple weeks, my sleeping patterns have worsened. I visited urgent care and again was told my vitals were fine and again I was told to relax. I have trouble going to sleep, waking up, and feeling drowsy through out the day. It’s a struggle to do simple things like grocery shopping without feeling extremely fatigued. I started experiencing sleep paralysis before and after waking up since earlier this week as well as pins and needles in my hands and feet and finally today, I’ve lost skin-surface bodily sensation and simultaneously my skin feels like it’s burning if I rub it or touch it too much or expose myself to very cold or hot things. My mind feels like it’s being pulled out of my body at times and my depth perception is completely off. I’m afraid if I stop moving I’ll just feel paralyzed. It’s terrifying. 

I’m frustrated that I still have yet to receive my results. Has anyone else experienced anything like this? 
Thanks in advance guys. 

In case anyone’s curious, I’m a 21 year old healthy woman with no pre-existing conditions. Shortness of breath and sweating but no fever whatsoeverSo I left work because of shortness of breath, tight chess and just overall feeling dizzy but have no fever. They are coming in 15 mins to my apartment to test me. How long does this shortness of breath usually last? Boyfriend showing covid symptomsWe are getting tested today but i haven’t shown any symptoms and feel completely fine. We share a room in his parents house. There are no extra bedrooms for me to sleep in. The living room is already occupied by his grandfather who is visiting. I was wondering if anyone had any ideas on what we should do to keep me safe. We have an air mattress that he can sleep on but we’d still be in the same room. So far we’ve both implemented wearing masks all day in the room but i’m just stumped on what to do when it comes time to sleep. I have a low symptom case (mild fluid build up in the lungs) and want to continue with my normal exercise routine. Will exercise help, worsen, or be inconsequential to recovery? Tested negative.Got my results in today. They said it came out negative but I still have all symptoms. I’m getting frustrated. Everyday it’s something new with this. I know I have it. Dont know if it’s dehydration or covid 19For a week or so I’ve had fatigue and body joint aches. I recently stopped antidepressants so it could be the withdrawals. Im getting a covid test on Saturday at cvs. A few days ago my throat felt scratchy and a bit sore and i just had allergy symptoms. It wasn’t til today when the fatigue came back. I dont drink much water so it could be thay and I’m also anemic. No other symptoms except i feel a little hot and fatigue/mild body aches and my head feels dizzy and disoriented. I have severe anxiety of sicknesses so idk what to do. Taking a cab to the hospital?For several days I thought I had allergies. O haven't testes positive yet, but I'm pretty sure now it's covid-19, cause, what else could it be? 

Tonight, I can't sleep because my breathe is getting harder. 

O need to go to a hospital, but I'm afraid I could spread the virus to the cab driver. 

How can I manage this? 

Take care everyone. Horrible lower back/leg aches?Has anyone had a similar timeline of symptoms? We’re waiting on a test to come back but pretty sure I’ve got it😪 I’m on day 8 right now with little improvement 

Day 1 - slight fever, bad headache that medicine wouldn’t touch, minor body aches. Shrugged it off as exhaustion 
Day 2 - no fever, pretty bad lower abdominal pain all night (which felt unusual, not typical cramps or anything) then diarrhea all night
Day 3 - no fever, no diarrhea, went for a walk and came back so exhausted and my whole body hurt, I thought I was dying, slept for nearly 14hrs
Day 4 - no fever, no diarrhea, mild sore throat, horrible body aches
Day 5 - still minor sore throat, body aches worsen
Day 6 - sore throat is gone, body aches stay the same (especially bad in lower back and legs)
Day 7 - no change
Day 8 - no change 

Is this forever? Is it going to get worse or do you think it’ll stay the same? I’ve also lost about 7lbs without much change to my calorie intake.. I feel like my body is eating my muscles or something, and can’t rebuild fast enough. Also everything has come in waves, like by the hour I will feel different it’s insane False Negative? Another test needed?Hello all-

Thursday I was sitting working and I felt like I suddenly had no sense of smell. Like I couldn't smell anything in my surroundings or the air at all. I sniffed my coffee mug and could smell that so I shrugged it off.

Friday I felt "sick". Body aches, sniffly, scratchy throat, felt off. My eyes started to itch before bed. Had weird smell/taste symptoms, like honey mustard smelled like gasoline lol.

Saturday woke up with what looked like pink eye and felt sick. Tried to go get a COVID test but couldn't find an open place and no urgent care would treat me for my  pink eye since I had COVID symptoms. Did a televideo doctor who diagnosed me presumptively with COVID and told me to go get a test. Extremely fatigued and slept all day. Eyes cleared up throughout the day. 

Sunday my cat started sneezing all day and was lethargic. I slept all day. Eyes were watery/oozy. Body aches, runny nose, ear ringing, eye pain, no smell/taste.

Monday got COVID test. Was a nasal swab (short swab not nasopharygeal). Cat sneezing less but congested/hoarse. Wicked headache. Smell/taste coming back.

Tuesday much less tired, but still sick feeling with cold type symptoms still. Cat improving as well.

Today- Negative COVID results. So...what now?!?! Accept them or get another (maybe with the long swab this time?) Wait to get an antibody test? Accept that I have something else? 

I just think it is strange my cat is sick too. She's never had a respiratory infection before... The smell thing is throwing me off too. It seems to have come back I guess, but it really threw me off when I didn't feel sick and I just suddenly was like "Woah, I can't smell anything in my surroundings". I also couldn't taste my toothpaste later or smell my scented soap washing my hands. Idk. My conjunctivitis/itchy eyes was odd too.

 I've also not had a fever or cough. So confused! Neagtive test, but half a week later, Doctor says it's likely COVIDA bit of history,

I work for the postal service as a clerk.  Lately I have shipped around to a few offices due to people being out.  About two weeks ago I got sent to an office where one clerk was out awaiting test results and a second clerk came in late.  They'd guilted her into coming in but she was saying she felt unwell.

A few days later I start to cough.  now I have seasonal allergies so a random cough isn't unheard of but after a couple of days it amped up and I started feeling kinda weak while working.  After a coughing fit I went to get tested.

I holed up in the guest room and stayed away from family until my results came back negative.  With the USPS, you have to be cleared to return to work by an occupational nurse.  They weren't happy that I still had the same symptoms and so I was sent back to the doc to be cleared for work.

&amp;#x200B;

The Dr, basically said, with this kinda cough it's probably COVID.  She then went on to say that much like the flu test etc, the tests aren't 100% so I should assume I'm positive and stay out at least the full quarantine period.  They prescribed me albuterol and sent me home. Pulse Ox Monitor - a word of cautionPlease please please be cautious when using medical devices at home. I bought myself a pulse oximeter a while back (probably like many people here) as a way to reassure myself that I was ok to remain home. I checked this morning as I was feeling weak,like I was floating and the monitor read 91%. 

I was freaking out. Told my husband we needed to get me to the ER NOW! Thankfully we live within a less than 5 minute radius from a hospital. They get me in right away, taken to one of the “isolated” rooms away from the regular triage area and hooked up to monitors. 

My pulse ox was 100-99% the whole time i was there. Didn’t have a fever and was told my lungs sounded great. The nurse told me that many people with at home monitors have been coming in due to it giving a very low reading at home but in the ER they are doing just fine. 

Please make sure to use it properly, unlike I did, and save yourself a huge ER bill to be told your lungs are just fine (yes I’m in the US unfortunately). And make sure to take multiple readings, not just one and then freak out. Probably should have gone to a walk in but hindsight is what it is. Got tested today...blood pressure and HR off the charts!Got tested, ive been having SOB, palpitations, weird smell/taste changes, fever, cough, leg cramps. When i went into my doc today to get tested, my blood pressure was 157/77. My HR was 122, o2 levels at 96%....... In the last year of 7 vitals collections, the literal highest my blood pressure has ever been was 96/62, with a heart rate of 72, ive never been under 99% saturation for 02.

 Ive had a horrible headache for a few days, now i know why. The doctor didn't even mention my vitals being so crazy, im surprised after seeing this on my paperwork from leaving that they didn't order an EKG!

Is this a covid thing? Anyone else normally have really good blood pressure that has since sky rocketed since being sick? Im so confused why they didn't address this at all even when i told them ive had constant palpitations and chest pain for a week! Diarrhea?Got tested yesterday, should get results by the end of the week but definitely have it. It’s about day 4 on symptoms and today I started to have diarrhea. It’s literally came all of a sudden. I did eat a little more today because I did feel a little better. Anyone else? Brutal Headache when looking up/standingI got sick in January.  Had vertigo (room spinning) for a few weeks directly after flu.  

Then some bad squeezing head pressure.  Felt like my head was a balloon being pumped too much.  This led to some thick white mucus coming from my nose and only my nose...

Eventually that head feeling subsided (somewhat).

I was okay for a few months.  Slight dizziness here and there.  

Then began to have stomach problems.  Bloating.  Pain under sternum.  Long digestion periods.  Tested positive for H. Pylori.  It seems I had a low immune system due to the stress and head pressure bothering me.

Now, this is the important part.  


The stomach problems seem to clear up, but just this past week the head pressure came back.  The same one from February.  But this time it’s mostly when I’m upright or looking up with my eyes! I get extremely nauseous and my head feels like it’s being pressed together.  And it feels like liquid (thick feeling...post nasal drip?? Sinus?? is moving up and down my head whenever I stand up...).  Also getting some random pain between shoulder blade, and actual shoulder


(On another note, I had an mri without contrast and doctor said it was unremarkable! They didn’t catch anything.  No head pressure.  No sinus issue.  Also dilated my eyes and saw no pressure)

Any idea what’s going on here??  

5’7
Male
29 years old
179 lbs Should I get tested again?A couple Wednesdays ago I had some close contact with family members outside my household who a couple days later tested positive
That Friday when I found out I left work, was put on a 14 day quarantine, and got tested with my boyfriend who was also exposed. We began quarantining in our seperate homes.
Sunday the tests came back negative.
Monday we both started having symptoms. I had a sore throat, minor cough, headache, minor body aches, and fatigue.
Tuesday we both get tested again. Symptoms persist. His seem worse, mine seem to be getting better
Thursday we get our results. His are positive. Mine are negative again.
Saturday the fatigue has slowly been getting worse for me and I developed a low grade fever. Family members in my household are now told my their workplaces to quarantine as well even though I tested negative because if my symptoms and exposure.
Now it's Tuesday morning. The fever has come on and off, along with a terrible headache, bit I don't exactly feel "sick." As of right now, it's gone. Should I get tested again? Would it make a difference at this point if I knew? Is it too late to even test positive? Calf pain and headachesHi guys.  I’ve been having calf pain when upright plus swollen headaches/head pressure when upright.  I’m quite nauseous

This happened after I got the flu.  Any idea what this could be?? I need money and I think I'm a long hauler. Been sick with pneumonia type symptoms for over a month...should I still work? I tested negative but idk.I really need money no health insurance and it's been over a month. Went to urgent care but they didn't do anything. I tested negative. I have to work again I wanted to buy a wedding ring ;__; Experiencing Joint Pain, What should I do?So about 9 days ago, I was potentially exposed to someone with COVID-19 (they experienced a fever and are still awaiting test results.) I have been self-isolating for the past 9 days but yesterday I have begun to expierence joint pain. Also had a stomach ache but this seems to have passed for the most part. I just got tested and am expecting results in about 10 days. However in the meantime I was wondering what I should do. Should I take anything? Should I be doing stretches? For background I am a 22 y/o relatively healthy male. Feeling Stupid and DepressedDecided to finally come back into the office today after getting negative test results Monday. Kept my distance still and wore a mask but it was good to see everyone.

Then I get home today, and my roommate informs me he misread his results (I know) and is/was actually positive. I feel both so ashamed and stupid, and let myself get my hopes up. I just hope I didn't endanger anyone. I hate this Roommate tested Positive believe where AsymptomaticHey everyone hope you guys are doing well. I know it’s a very difficult time but we are all in this together.

My roommate, who is probably the last person I thought get Covid tested positive. He took his test 8/3 and received results 8/8. I’m assuming I am also going to test positive because we are around each other all throughout the day. I took my test 8/10 still haven’t got my results. Were both asymptomatic except I’ve had a headache the past few days. I feel though that if he tested positive 8/3 I would’ve contracted it sometime between 8/3 and now. 

Any advice from others who are asymptomatic? How should I deal with this? We have been quarantining for the past few days. We’re still very shocked and confused. Hope someone takes the time to read this!

Thanks,

- Pxhr20 Whole family developed very light symptomsSo about last week my whole family developed stuffed sinuses &amp; sneezing. Some of us had it worse than others, some us also developed fatigue and headaches. It all lasted about 2 - 3 days for all of us and it’s all disappeared like magic

The doctor said it was unusual to for all us develop potential cold symptoms so rapidly. So he suggested we all get tested just be safe.

We hardly go out and are very careful. But could have that been it? My mom is 52 and dad is 66 and my dad is doing just fine now? HOPE!!!!!!!!!!![removed] Dangerous to take painkillers before nasal pharyngeal swab?I've heard mixed accounts regarding the amount of pain people feel while taking the nasal pharyngeal swab for covid. I'm getting one done at a drive thru location tomorrow morning. I was wondering, would it be dangerous to take an ibuprofen or some other painkiller beforehand? I'm afraid of the pain, but I don't want to injur or kill myself if it's dangerous to take a painkiller. I went to the dentist, feel overly paranoid that I caught the virus, and want to get this off my chestI went 4 days ago to the dentist (emergency) in Canada.  I felt so naked for 1.5 hours being maskless and having my mouth literally open.  They have a fancy machine to suck patient's air out of the room, they all had n95 masks on, and the dentist had a face shield.  Even with all this I'm just overly paranoid and I swear my brain is developing psychosomatic covid symptoms.  I keep swallowing just to test if I have a sore throat.  If I sense any discomfort doing this, I freak out.  I keep getting a weird sense of happiness if I can smell or taste things.  I keep holding my breathe for 10 seconds to test if my lungs are impacted.  This virus has just made me insane.  I guess I get to be paranoid for 10 more days. Antibodies negative WTFI’m trying not to become unglued but I was just sick for like four months. The doctor said there’s a lot of false negatives and false positives and you know that the test isn’t worth a whole lot but. I know what I went through if I didn’t have it what the heck did I have? It seems so impossible that I didn’t have it. I live with a man who works in a in a hospital who I have to nag to wash his hands and thinks it’s a hoax. I had SOB. Tachycardia for no reason. Fatigue. Muscle aches. The reflux everyone talks about. Neurological symptoms. I couldn’t walk more than a block for a month. Brain fog. The drceven said I looked bad. I had low O2 (93-94, mine is always 99 or 100).

Why can’t I just have a positive antibody test? Now what? Do I take it again? This is frustrating. Mouthwash slows the spread of covid, what a world[removed] Got tested today, waiting for results. Day by day symptoms shared in postThe first sign of any symptom i had was on 8/5.

8/5 - at several points throughout the day i felt feverish, mainly chills. I had a couple of abnormal bowel movements accompanied by moderate cramping for a period of time before and after. Not full on diarrhea and not anything I’d normally worry about. In the evening I remarked that i felt particularly tired and felt that my breathing was labored. Hard to describe, but I simply became aware of my breathing and seem to be consciously managing it.

8/6 - throughout the entire day I noticed the same sensation regarding my breathing. I also noticed that i frequently and involuntarily reached for a full breath - like a yawn or a sigh. Add to this the feeling of being too cold all day/night and notable drowsiness / mild mental cloudiness.

8/7 - add to the breathing issues sore throat and headache. Extreme fatigue. I slept more than I was awake. Very difficult to stay awake or to get up.

8/8 - add muscle stiffness and weakness. First measurable fever - low grade - 99.6

8/9 - very similar to 8/8. Sore through and headache has vanished. Add watery, swollen eyes to the mix. The frequent need to take full breaths is no always present, but is still present at some parts of the day. Possibly slightly better overall feeling

8/10 - overall felt better (even good?) in the morning. The afternoon however has brought my worst yet. Had about a 2 hr period where i was telling my wife to pack the bags to go to the hospital (much worse SOB) and fever reached 100.2.  Ultimately ended up napping and here I am now. After waking up from a 3 hr nap, fever is gone, SOB is barely detectable. Now have significant sinus congestion, swollen watery eyes and just feel kinda tired but overall not actually bad. 

Optimistic that I’m now on the recovery side of things, but know that i could have many days of symptoms ahead. I expect test results Wednesday.

Feel free to ask me anything or share how your experience is alike or different from mine, and what I may expect in the coming days.

Oh and for reference, I’m  34 male, healthy, no underlying conditions I am aware of. Somewhat overweight but not obese.

I’ve also been monitoring my pulse ox % with a finger clip pulse oximeter. On the first day i was a 98-99 consistently. Today I’m 95-96 with an occasional outlier as low as 93 and as high as 98. Checking roughly every hour. My research shows this is one of, if not THE number to monitor during home care. My Experience - Exhaustion/Exercise exacerbating symptomsWriting this in the hopes it helps someone.

I live alone and always wear a N95 mask with a velcro cotton mask over top of it for a better seal, and gloves when going out.  I only go out when I absolutely need supplies (twice a week at most) and I'm always in and out as quickly as possible.  I do ride my bike a lot, but there is nobody near me and I am still fully masked and gloved.

Also, my diet is extremely consistent, I don't eat out and prepare my own food and don't eat anything raw.  I'm generally healthy but about 20 pounds overweight with no underlying conditions.  My doctor says I have perfect blood pressure and normal HDL/LDL levels.  I take a mult-vitamin and 5-10,000 IU of D3 daily .  I rarely get sick for more than a day or two.  I've only had the flu shot a handful of times over the years, but I did have one in December which did knock me out for a day.  The last time I had a cold which lasted more than 48 hours is probably ten years ago.  I haven't had the actual flu in 15 years

I believe I was infected 6 weeks ago or so at a dentist appointment.  It's the only time I have been around people without a mask since my city started lockdown in March.

A week after my dentist visit I started feeling light-headed and dizzy when standing-up.  I had been drinking a lot of diet pepsi and was trying to switch over to just water, so I assumed it was due to that plus dehydration and a loss of electrolyte.  So I just increased my intake of electrolyte supplemented water, which did not help.   For the next two weeks I would feel the occasional chill, and dry cough a bit, maybe a sneeze or two and I just assumed these were due to seasonal allergies. 

At some point I noticed my sleep getting affected, I was tossing and turning and only sleeping about 3-4 hours.  One day I woke up with body aches which I assumed was just due to cramping, and I started supplementing magnesium.

At no point did I feel I was actually sick, I did take my temperature once and it was normal.  I assumed it was just an electrolyte imbalance or seasonal allergies.

While this was going on, I had about a 3 day period where I was getting up extremely early and doing a lot of physical labor in packing and moving a lot of heavy boxes and furniture.  I usually just sit at a computer desk all day and this was the most physical work I had done since the lockdown started in March.

The next day I started getting real headaches (which I never get) and I noticed my heart rate was elevated.  It stayed at 100bpm the whole day, I just thought it was a result of the physical labor and didnt worry. about it.

The day after in the middle of the day my heart rated spiked to 120bpm for a couple hours, I started to really feel like I was getting a fever, so I took my temperature and it was at about 100.  A couple hours later I was drenched in sweat and it felt like I just broke a fever.  Checked temperature again and it was normal and I felt pretty decent.  I felt like whatever it was, I was over it - big mistake. 

Symptoms start waxing and waning, one hour I feel like I've kicked it and the next hour my heart rate is at 100 and I feel physically week.  I only have a slight fever occasionally.  This has been going on for the past two weeks.  A few days I ago I felt the occasional heart palpitation, but that has gone away.  I developed a slightly sore throat with a painful dry cough at times.  No sinus problems, or even excess mucus or phlegm.  Neck lymph nodes are only slightly swollen at times.

I made a further mistake by when I was feeling better I started doing some physical activity which just wound up making things worse for a day.  So I've learned even when I start to feel better, it's just a tease and resist doing anything physical and rest, rest, rest

I wear a smart watch/health monitor which records my heart rate every hour and it has only been below 100 when sleeping.  Blood pressure is normal, O2 is normal. 

Right now I feel more normal, but my heart rate is over 100bpm and I feel  a throbbing in my head, but no headaches.

I've only taken tylenol occasionally but have been supplementing with zinc orotate+quercetin for the past week, who knows if its helping at all.

Right now I'm fasting and just eating once in the morning and seeing if that helps.

So please people if you start feeling ill and have any symptoms, take it seriously and just rest.  I firmly believe if I had not just shrugged everything off and not over exerted myself I would have beaten the virus without much hassle. Presumed positive- my symptomsThursday/Friday is probably when I think it started. My eyes were burning so bad as if I had a fever but I did not. Felt super tired and then Saturday I developed a slight sore throat that went away this morning. I woke up this morning with the worst headache. I showered and then was so tired I fell asleep for most of the day. Not really hungry but when I did eat I can’t fully taste things. I felt so weak just getting downstairs to my room was a task. Headache won’t go away and I just feel so blah. Anyone else had these symptoms? No fever. Quite positive that I got sick from my dental appointment.Hey everyone! 

I’ve been lurking for a few days and really just need to get this off my mind. 

To preface, I have been very strict about staying in and away from crowds. Two weeks ago I went to the dentist for a cracked filling that was infected and causing me pain. I have been putting off all non-essential appointments, but really needed to get this dental issue taken care of. I was assured by many friends and family via text, whom had visited their dentists during this time, that strict precautions were being taken. My dental office stated on their website that they were following the American Dental Association and CDC guidelines. When I got there and was seated in the room, the hygienist came in to prep. I noticed that she was only wearing a surgical mask, and that surgical mask was below her nose. She must have realized I was staring at her nose because she pulled it up after talking to me for approximately 5-8 minutes. The dentist also just had a surgical mask on, which surprised me. The same hygienists mask kept falling below her nose the entire procedure, which bothered me.   

DAY 1: Fast forward about a week later and I wake up in the middle of the night with a dry shallow cough. My SO just got back that day (a few hours prior to going to bed) from an EM medical rotation that was in Florida (the irony lol), so I know it wasn’t him. I fell back asleep and a few hours later I woke up with an unusual sensation in my chest. It felt cold and tingly. I was unable to take a full breath, which is what really started to trigger some worry. 

DAY 2-3: The next day, the cough and chest stayed the same. However, I had began developing terrible muscle aches throughout the day, which began dissipating after 48 hours. My SO listened to my lungs and heard wheezing, but this disappeared 48 hours post symptom onset. I also began experiencing some pretty bad tachycardia at this point. 

DAY4+:Since then, I am still unable to take a full breath as it triggers that dry shallow cough and an uncomfortable feeling in my . When in a general resting position, I feel that similar cold/tickle-like feeling in my throat/chest, almost like a bronchitis. I am still experiencing bouts of lethargy and just an overall “blah” feeling. Additionally, I am still tachy. 

I have not been febrile, at all. I experienced a loss of appetite the first 2 days, but now feel it is basically back to normal. 

I am awaiting a test result, as I was tested 5 days ago through CVS. I am hoping to get that result on Monday. 

 I know these symptoms are mild compared to what some others are experiencing. I was just curious as to if anyone else has been experiencing anything similar and/or heard of any issues from dental encounters. 

Thanks for taking the time to read this. I really appreciate it. Wishing you all peace and health. Wife presumed positive; test results should come MondayWife developed a dry cough Wed night and no appetite.  By Thu early morning she felt like she had been hit by a bus.  Exhaustion, chills, and difficulty breathing.  She describes it as “hitting a wall” as she tries to inhale deeply.  Gastro stuff too which is pretty common.  

Took her to UC and she was tested.  They did a throat swab (surprised me because I’ve always heard that nasal was the most common way).  Said we’d get results on Monday, but doctor strongly suspects CV.  Prescribed a course of antibiotics and cough medication, and also gave her an injected steroid. 

The last three days has been difficult for her, she can’t keep any food down, vomiting is really an issue.  Hasn’t wanted a meal since Wed lunch.  Can’t even keep down white bread. 

O2 levels are OK via pulse oxi; 97 with lows at 95.  It has only been 3.5 days since severe symptoms appeared.  Hasn’t gotten worse but not any better.  Hoping for the best and expecting positive test results tomorrow. Morning headaches? + my experienceA little about me first... 26M, in good physical health, exercise almost daily prior to this experience. Only known heath problem is Hashimoto’s thyroiditis which I like to think I have under control lol.  

Date of exposure 7/30

8/1 - start feeling a fatigued like feeling. Assumed I didn’t sleep well. 

8/2 - about the same as the day before. More tired than usual but can still do things. 

8/3 - I woke up very nauseous. Bad diarrhea. Like constant streams of yellow/clear liquid. Had this all throughout the day. 

8/4 - more of the same explosive volcanic diarrhea. like all day long. led to some dehydration &amp; pounding headaches which led to some vomiting. Woo. 

8/5 - bring on the diarrhea. it was happening too frequently to where I decided to go to the ER &amp; get covid tested &amp; some fluids back in me. Doctor presumed I was positive based off my experience I described to her &amp; when she saw me shitting every 5 minutes :’) she wanted to do chest xray &amp; ekg Bc I explained some chest tightness but that could have very well been due to anxiety. Xray was clear, ekg was fine, and my oxygen was about a 100 the whole time.

Prescribed me zolfran for the nausea &amp; recommended Imodium for the diarrhea.

IMODIUM WORKED WONDERS.  IDK HOW but it absolutely ceased my diarrhea that I thought would literally never end. 

8-6  - woke up with a pounding/hangover like headache. General fatigue feeling throughout the day. 

8-7 - another pounding headache/nauseous in the morning. Poop was kinda normal again. Lol sorry 

8-8 - worst of the morning headaches yet. Felt like my head was being smashed in from both sides. Lasted from like 8am to 5pm. Would not go away even after taking medicine for it. Fatigue feeling most of the day &amp; some deep muscle soreness in my upper back, near shoulders &amp; trap muscles.

8-9 - another morning headache. Not as bad as yesterday but definitely bothering me. Feel fatigued 

I also should mention I’ve been sleeping terribly. Even when I feel exhausted it seems I cannot get to sleep. I’ve tried NyQuil &amp; Melatonin both haven’t helped unfortunately. Nose has been stuffed up the entire time yet I can still smell/taste. 

Is anybody else experiencing these headaches specifically in the morning? If so what are you taking for them &amp; have you found a way to avoid them? I’ll feel fine at night &amp; then wake up feeling like someone stacked a pile of bricks on my head. 

Anyways this is my “presumed” experience so far. &amp; I think I can deem it a mild one thus far assuming Mr. Rona doesn’t decide to kick my ass in the following weeks. Thanks for reading &amp; to all those struggling with annoying symptoms I truly hope you feel better &amp; beat it! Nose burning sensationI’m awaiting test results. It feels like someone stuck a jalapeño up my nose. When will that feeling go away?

Here are some other symptoms:
-chills/hot flashes
-nausea 
-sinus pressure
-runny nose/congestion
-fatigue 
-killer headache (worst in my life)
-99.6 highest temp (but my thermometer broke and haven’t been able to take my temp the last few days) 

My symptoms started with a runny nose on August 3rd. Lung capacity seemingly decimatedHey everyone,

I'm working off of the assumption I has covid in late March (UK), which was an illness that went hard for a few days (fever, muscle and joint pain, cough, sweating) and then lingered as a (presumed) covid cough for a few weeks after.

I first noticed breathlessness when going to the shops in a mask and assumed it was not the mask per se but the stress of shopping, a sort of subconscious holding of the breath in the shop.

But the longer this has gone on the more I feel breathless in general life. Never feel like I've got a full breath in me, because of that every now and then (but quite regularly) feel like I need a deep deep breath.

And none of this is mentioning the fatigue (which I assume is linked to oxygen levels?)

Yesterday and today I've felt atrocious, really like I've been holding my breath even. Not gasping but needing to regularly stop for deep breaths. I had a bath and you'd think I'd run a marathon.

You hear little stories on the news now and then about slow recoveries but I feel like this should be absolutely huge. This is as much the story as the deaths. Nobody I know who has had it or thinks they've had it feels 100% recovered yet. If you told me my lung capacity had lost a quarter or a third that would sound about right to me.

Are we just going to have a generation of people with limited health? It makes you wonder if there's gonna be spikes in diabetes from kidney damage or in heart attacks from heart damage. They're not being honest about the extent of this at all to try and salvage economies.

I'd love to be wrong about this, but it really doesn't feel like it.

For those in a similar situation, have you started trying anything to increase/repair lung capacity? I remember reading the harmonica is good for increasing lung capacity of COPD patients.

What are others thinking about this? Anyone gone back to playing sport? I’m getting bad chest pains?Hi,

I had corona virus a couple of months ago, mainly felt it in my lungs, I’ve recently gone back to sport and I’m getting some pretty bad chest pains. I’m slightly scared and considering calling a doc. After reading all the stuff about heart and lung damage.

Anyone had similar experience? 

Thanks Anyone else with nuss bars in chest, or with preexisting lung problems test positive?Anyone else with nuss bars catch Covid?

It hasn’t been confirmed yet and I’ll be getting my results by the end of tomorrow, but it started about a month ago.  All of a sudden I couldn’t get out of bed.  Not because I felt sick, but physically could not get up.  It was like something was wrong with my bars.  I thought they were coming loose.  I went to the ER, they did X-rays, and the doctor said he didn’t have anything to compare the test results to (because I had the surgery in another state), and so he couldn’t help me.  I went home and a few days later I was back to normal.  Fast forward to 11 days ago, it happened again but so much worse.  I knew for sure my bars were loose and that they were going to flip.  I was having muscle spasms where the braces are with pain that is indescribable. I couldn’t move. I would have to wrap myself in a blanket (which took forever) and focus on my breathing until the spasms stopped.  It lasted almost two hours the first time.  I went to a different emergency room a few hours later in a heart hospital, and they ran the ekg and X-ray which turned out fine, but the CTscan showed my lungs filling up with fluid. They said I had pneumonia and sent me home with a zpack.  I had to sleep sitting up for a 5 days because I still physically could not sit up from bed but then I FELT BETTER.. until the night before last.  It happened again. I ended up in the er again yesterday and said that all signs point to Covid, quarantine. I woke up an hour ago in the worst pain I’ve been in since I had the surgeries.  The muscle spasms happening on my braces are, again, indescribable.  I could hardly stand from my chair, walk, or even get to the bathroom.  Finally after wrapping myself with a blanket I was able to sit down, breathe, and type this. If anyone else with Nuss bars is going through this I want you to know Iiterally feel your pain.   

^ I typed this up this morning in another subreddit, but I was curious if anyone who tested positive had these symptoms?  I can hardly move today.  My whole right sight is completely tense and will spasm if I move the wrong way leaving me immobilized.   


Nuss bars are titanium bars used in a corrective surgery for people with Pectus Excavatum, AKA an inverted sternum. Guidance Needed Please Extreme head pressure when uprightHi.  I got what I think is coronavirus back in January.  Ever since then I’ve been having odd symptoms

January (post flu)
-fatigue
-slight vertigo

Then things got crazy:

February
-vertigo (room was spinning for 2 weeks!)
-dizziness
-nausea

After vertigo I developed:

-head pressure (feels like my brain is being squeezed)
-stomach issues (tested positive for H Pylor!!) 
-post nasal drip (I can literally feel something at the back of my throat and nose
-thick white mucus from nose
-heart palpitations 

From February to April I couldn’t get out of bed without feeling like I was going to pass out.  My head felt heavy and I felt drunk (like I was walking on a boat)


Now what’s crazy is some days were better than others.  There were times were I even forgot of my symptoms.  I was able to go back to running and slight weight lifting.

But then, just this pass week I developed the extreme head pressure again! But like 10x worse


And it only happens why I am upright.  Feels like a squeezing sensation across my temples and head/nose (almost feels like a tension headache).

Idk why this is happening when just last week I could run a mile.

Has anyone had similar symptoms? I originally thought I had an ear infection or some type of sinusitis.

But that doesn’t explain the head pressure...this has led me down a dark road where I feel like I have 1. Dysautonomia 2. Pots 3. CSF leak 4. CFS/ME 5. Anxiety

I feel like I’m in the ballpark but still struggling for answers.

What’s my next step? I have a brain MRI tomorrow and I hope I have more answers on why I’m having this extreme head pressure when walking around.

The only concrete evidence I have is the thick white mucus.

Any thoughts? 

5’8 
Male
180 lbs Head Pressure, Ear Pressure and Thick White Mucus[removed] Finally, they dignify the struggle - 4.5 months laterFinally, after three ER visits, two urgent care visits, GP, ENT, neurologist, infectious disease, eight cardiologist appointments, rheumatologist, immunologist, Holter monitor, brain MRI, echocardiogram, EKGs, bloodwork like a motherfucker, and a 24 hour urine test, SOMEONE FUCKING PUTS IT IN MY CHART.  

A doctor has finally dignified my long-haul experience post-covid by entering diagnosis codes in my chart.  More than they listen to patients, doctors listen to other doctors. They have to acknowledge what is there.  Because I advocated for myself nonstop, because I went in knowing my shit (she mistook me for a healthcare professional), and because I got lucky with who I saw, it is finally on the record:

Neuropathy
Dysautonomia orthostatic hypotension syndrome
Tachycardia
Post-viral disorder

Obviously I have known all this for a long time, so it seems insignificant on the surface, but it's unspeakably validating after my condition has been brushed off, implied to be anxiety, verbally acknowledged but shrugged at, and generally unseen.

In recovering from Covid, progress is built on tiny victories.  This is a tiny victory.

Keep your chin up, long-haulers.  Keep advocating for yourselves, with big dick energy.  Don't let shitty doctors break your spirit.  If they won't dignify you, don't dignify them.  Don't get sidetracked by their uselessness.  Focus on your next move.  Onward and upward ❤️ Will these long term symptoms ever go away?I’m a 24 yo male with asthma, in January I was doing a lot of jiu jitsu and a lot of people at my gym got very sick (lasting 4 weeks +) some of them tested positive for Covid 19, I was presumed positive from my doctor based on my symptoms. I got over the body aches and fever in a week but ever since being sick in January I have been dealing with other complications. I need to take Singulair every day to avoid wheezing, I have high to take beta blockers for high blood pressure, I’ve been getting heart palpitations where all of a sudden out of nowhere my heart will start beating very quickly to the point I get dizzy, my oxygen levels are in the low 90s, I can’t drink alcohol or take antihistamines or my heart rate and blood pressure skyrockets (140/100), it feels like I constantly have something stuck in my throat but am unable to cough it up, as well as heart burn and chest pains I never used to have. 6 months later, a lot of the symptoms have gotten better (specifically the heart palpitations and wheezing) but I still have a hard time dealing with all the remaining symptoms. I couldn’t drink coffee for months, I can’t workout like I used to, and I just all around feel not like myself. Is there any hope of me getting back to 100% or am I going to have to deal with these side effects forever? Symptoms for moths, exposed at work. Feels like previous illness years ago. 40y/o MHere is something weird. We had a really odd illness going around my old job site back in 2012.  People had severe runs, fever off and on for days. Heart PVC's /racing and runny nose for months.   


Someone had came back from a trip and spread whatever this was. I ended up losing 41 pounds in a month. Every test I did with every doctor turned up negative, every single one for whatever they tried to find, NOTHING.   


I originally thought I would be diagnosed with something serious and die.   


I did recover, those things went away, but I have had very odd fatigue off and on for years, trouble sleeping.  Problems with my stomach that have never went away.   


  
Onto current COVID situation.   


Fast forward to this year, in late Feb.  Started having something very similar to what I experienced in 2012, just more mild.  Turns out, we had been exposed to someone with covid 19  \*person tested negative for everything BUT covid, Doc told them covid based on symptoms as, at that time, test were not really all that wide spread as of yet.   


Said person from work almost ended up in hospital from breathing/temp/other issues.   


Work place sent me and other family member home due to worries about law/protocol?. Overall, people getting sick with very, what I would call, weird symptoms.   One persons nose would run, fever.  Another person would just be sick to their stomach ect.   


Me and my family member that worked there, only had weird back pain, slight fever, but horrid stomach with heart PVC/racing/not doing right.   No shortness of breath at that time.  Sometimes you get a fever ect.  


Fast forward again, from Late Feb to just 2 weeks ago. The other family member was being kept up at night feeling extremely anxious, slight SLIGHT off and on fever, body aches  \*Chest/throat/runny nose/upset stomach/PVC/racing ect\*  And then it vanishes and returns in odd, more mild ways.  


We have both been going in and out of physical/very odd exhaustion and somedays will sleep twice.  Meaning, 8 hours.. up for 4-5 hrs, back in bed.  When it hits, you can't fight it, you either go to sleep where you sit, or find somewhere more comfortable and literally drag yourself to the bed.   


Mild fever spikes usually accompany all this weirdness.   


For either of us, after this ''exposure'' eating will create an extremely tiring effect, puts you out. No matter the type of meal, or what we drink. Water/ pepsi.. name it.   


We believe our older father had it. Severe wheezing off and on, no temp.. maybe slight ?  Bad time runny nose. He goes to doctor to get blood tested after a bypass years ago, this is where we think he was exposed. He was pretty bad, stumbling but didn't end up in hospital, PCD treated him over video calls and in between blood tests, would keep up with him.  He complained of body aches and kind of a joint stiffness thing off and on.  For the record, even with his age he can still lift heavy weight and in general, they said his body/otherwise, is built like a 25 year old tank in good health.  His age for reference is 79.   


I am posting this because I think there are a lot of things out there people are experiencing in different ways, and some day people will look through reddit as an ultimate resource as to what has went down.   


My biggest takeaway from the experience is that I believe throughout this we have had different parts of this virus, at different times. Personal opinion, I am not a doctor, I don't claim my information is valid.   


Many times I have argued about posting what we all went through, and how much it felt like what I experienced in 2012. I mean.. Identical. The only strange thing about it, is watching family members /co-workers/friends.. experience it with me.    


Cause at that time, few people had those exact symptoms in the same ways that I did. Mostly 1 or the other, type of deal.  They never told us WHAT it was, but back in 2012 the person that exposed the worksite almost passed with it.   


Even had one friend/Ex-work mates ask me ''isn't this like what you said you felt back a few years ago?'' So I'm not the only one thinking it.   


Also, know people that believe they had this in December, a friend live streamed going to the hospital and sounded like a paper bag when he would breathe.. fever, body aches.  No real medical history?  


This is a very very weird illness. Not saying it's going to kill us all, and statistically it's not, thank God. Feeling drunk?Anyone else have a drunken feeling from covid? It only started today, symptoms appeared a few days ago, but I can't describe it any other way than that mental delay and vertigo you get any time you move while drunk. My focus, speech, and breathing are still manageable while still so I'm not too worried; just curious if anyone else had similar symptoms? COVID Bill Successfully Handled Thanks to Journalist[removed] Question about Antibody test effectiveness - Did I wait too long, and is there even any point.I'll try to keep this short and concise: 
I was incredibly sick in early march. Every symptom of COVID, this was shortly after I had attended a massive work event, with over 10,000 people attending. 

However, I was unable to get a test, since at the time my state had no confirmed cases, and wasn't testing anybody. 

My state has *finally* rolled out Antibody testing on a fairly large scale, and I could likely get a test if I wanted to.  But I am having trouble finding any conclusive evidence on three things: 

1. How long is it assumed antibodies last in your system at a detectible level? Some sources say 3 months, some say 6+, some say less than 3. 

2. How effective is the test? I've heard there can be a lot of false results due to inconsistencies with the testing method, and also that it seems to vary from test to test. 

3. Does it even matter? There doesn't seem to be much conclusive evidence showing that previously having COVID-19 (and developing antibodies as a result) makes you any less likely to get sick a second time, or have less severe symptoms if you do get sick again. 

Thanks in advance. This subreddit is fantastic, and has given me many insights. Kidney pain?I’m an presumed positive by my doctor. I’m on day 7 of symptoms and others have mostly resided. All I have left is this dull ache in my lower back. My urine is clear so don’t know if it’s just I haven’t been moving for a week or what. Anyone else experience this? This virus is ruining my relationship with my family[removed] Presumably tested false negativeWithout going into every symptom and my illness timeline I am 100% convinced as well as my doctor that I had covid-19. I even get 80 hours of sick pay without having to prove a positive result however my boss is acting like I'm faking it although I have sent her a video of me taking my temperature showing the screen of the thermometer going up up and up. It's frustrating because I'm the first person at work to have it and everyone's wondering how I caught it but they didn't. I'm in a very high risk Healthcare profession compared to my coworkers. In fact hygienists are #1  on most risk charts  – I'm a dental hygienist . Anyway I'm just frustrated with the exhaustion as I've had to call in sick three times now since my symptoms left and I went back to work The lab  took six days to send my sample in to the lab and I honestly wonder if it even got tested, as I'm in Nebraska and and Test Nebraska hired a sketchy firm to do their testing and is under scrutiny already. Feels like I never recoveredBefore getting COVID, I was an entrepreneur and reading like crazy. Now I have no energy to get off the couch. Most days I’m unable to work or keep the house clean. Is anyone else like this? Need some help/advice/supportIt had been raining (almost everyday) for almost a month, foggy/sunless and cold days, and it suddenly stopped raining and the past few days were more warmer than usual. My mom caught a low grade fever( not more than 100) four days ago, she took some medicine and after a day she got better, she didn't suffer from shortness of breath or any chest pains but she did have a runny nose, she's feeling a lil feverish again today(almost 100). Should we be concerned?
We talked to some doctors and they said maybe it's because of the sudden weather changes. Is she showing some symptoms of the virus? Can one have covid-19 and show symptoms like this, fever one day better the next day and again feverish after a few days ?
Thanks in advance for any replies.
May God keep you, your friends, and family safe. I'm pretty sure I lost my sense of smell/taste for the... third f*cking timeTitle says it all. First time on day 5 (lasted 5 days I think), on day 70 (lasted 5 days) and on day 132 approximately (2 days ago). I had been symptom-free for almost four weeks (except for probable sequelae like loss of appetite and thirst, covid fingers/toes/feet, SPO2 a bit low). I don't know if it's reinfection or relapse, and now that I think about it, it might even have been reinfection on day 70 too as both times I had been to a medical appointment a few days before. I am almost amused, it's ridiculous. Nothing to be done, I'm just glad I never stopped isolation. I wish I had access to an "at home" test but my country doesn't offer it. It wouldn't change anything though so... well I'll keep doing puzzles and watching documentaries in my room, and I will never get out of my house again (except if I think I'm about to die or something). Assuming I’m positive. What a ride.So while I haven’t officially gotten tested, we have a close friend who is a surgeon who basically said she’d assume it was COVID based on early symptoms.

Day 1 (7/23): started feeling super fatigued, body aches, chills, fever topped at 100.2, and then the stomach pains and uncontrollable power washer diarrhea started. Slight chest tightness but not enough to where it couldn’t have also been anxiety

Day 2: woke up feeling exhausted but overall much better. Fever was gone, no chills, no aches. Slight stomach pain and diarrhea lessened

Then basically 2 weeks of my stomach feeling “off” but overall felt like I had recovered and was feeling good!

Then yesterday (8/5) the stomach cramps started back up and back came the diarrhea. Not nearly as frequent or uncontrollable as initially though. Increased chest tightness last night and maybe some brain fog?

This morning the only symptom seems to be GI. Stomach cramps and diarrhea but chest tightness gone again. Again, maybe some brain fog but also didn’t sleep super well so that may be the cause there.

Basically, this has been such a weird experience! Staying hydrated and taking vitamins and basically just riding all of this out unless I get to a more serious level.

Figure if I get tested with current symptoms and am positive they’ll basically tell me to do what I’m doing now, so might as well just start here.

Hang in there, everyone and stay safe! Probably have Covid.. Mom won't quarantineI (F21) had a rapid test come back negative Monday 8/3 and have continued to feel crappy all week. When I talked to my doctor yesterday, she said she's pretty certain I got a false negative. She then swabbed me later that day and I'm currently waiting on the lab results that will probably take a week. In the meantime, I am ordered to quarantine and she suggested my mom does too since we've been in close contact. My mom and her boyfriend, however, just decided that instead of him visiting our house this weekend, he'll just get a hotel room close by so they can go to a dinner. I am furious after learning this. and feel like they're being childish. I have tried to be very responsible concerning the virus for the last few months and these people who are supposed to be adults are going to put not only themselves (her boyfriend) and the rest of the people they come in contact with at risk. Am I crazy for getting mad at her over this?? Because she sure tried to make me feel like I was. False-negative? Any advice is appreciated.I've been having COVID like symptoms since Saturday. I just tested at a minute clinic Monday and got the results back Thursday and negative. I really feel like this is COVID 19. I really don't know besides getting tested again. 

July 31: I start having asthma symptoms during the night. My backaches. Nothing too bad.

August 1: I wake up feeling awful. I slept 12 hours and still feel the most fatigued in my left. My back and neck ache. I feel like I have a combination of mono and hangover. Brain fog and general weakness No fever or cough. No SOB.

August 2: No improvement. Same symptoms. 

August 3: I call out from work for the week and schedule a test. The fatigue is better but my kidneys hurt. I feel like I have the flu but without the sinus issues. Low-grade fever.

August 4: I feel slightly better. Still feel like I am hungover without drinking. I get tested.

August 5: I feel generally better but still out of it until nighttime I have the worse asthma attack I have had. I finally am able to get to sleep.

August 6: I am wake up feeling just as shitty as I did Saturday. Like I haven't been improving whatsoever. My breathing is fine but I'm so tired and malaised. I get my test results back as negative.

I'm really at a loss. My employer wants me to go back to work due to the negative test. I can only get a virtual appointment from my doctor because I have COVID symptoms so I really don't know what good that will do. I spoke to him on the phone and he is assuming I have it.

Any advice is appreciated. [Serious] Is suicide a reasonable and logical option while I still have my wits about me?I see all these people around me suffering. Very few have died, and I almost envy those that did. At what point do you call it quits to save yourself from suffering unnecessarily?

Hospitals and doctors in America refuse to help in this manner and will force you to live against your will and the possible will(s) of people close to you. So, what do you think, fellow plague-havers? Be brutally honest.

Also if you feel compelled to discourage the idea just because you think that being alive just for the sake of being alive is good, please don't comment about it. Life robbed of its substance and "salt" (so to speak) is as good as a pile of sand in your mouth. 22 year old’s experience with covidHere’s my experience with covid so far. I’m 22 years old, very healthy and active, yet I still got hit pretty hard with covid. I’m presumed positive by doctors, and I’m taking a test later today to confirm. 

It all started when my boyfriend developed a dry cough about 2 weeks ago. I didn’t think much of it, because he didn’t have other symptoms, so we just assumed it was allergies. However, the cough became pretty persistent and uncontrollable, so he got tested for covid just to be sure. We’re still waiting on the results. 

I developed symptoms about a week after him; below has been my experience so far. 

Days 1-3: headache that isn’t alleviated with otc meds. Sinus pressure. Tiredness. Diarrhea on day 3
- I just assumed it was allergies at this point

Day 4: severe headache, sore throat started to develop

Day 5: sore throat, extreme shortness of breath, dry cough that eventually turned productive, chest tightness - felt like weights were placed on chest, fever, wheezing, stabbing pains in chest, excessive thirst, chills, pain in gums and ears
- debated about going to the hospital at this point, because I was gasping for air and was pretty frightened about not being able to breathe. 

Day 6: sore throat, shortness of breath, wheezing, dry/productive cough, fatigue, nose is slightly running periodically, diarrhea
- started to feel better in the afternoon

Day 7: can finally breathe!! Headache is back, painful sinus congestion, runny nose with thick, bright green mucus, chills, slight body aches, productive cough, persistent fever, watery eyes, feel the worst I’ve felt yet

Day 8 (today): headache, green mucus in nose, congestion, runny nose, watery eyes, ear pain, cough, complete lose of smell and taste

It’s day 8 for me and I still feel sick, but I feel so much better than I’ve felt these last few days. 26M - very healthy - experience thus farSo, I haven’t been tested a second time because I’ve been tested previously and it was negative (of course). So I’ve been isolating and handling things at home to the best of my ability. I’m not sure where I would’ve gotten it as I’ve followed masking and distancing protocol but whatever, I’m posting my day by day symptoms thus far. I’m not sure my first day of symptoms was actually day 1, I have bad allergies so it was hard to discern when the true starting point was. Other useful info: I’m very “healthy”, I don’t typically get sick ever, I eat a very clean diet of fruits/vegs/lean meats 90% of the time, I lift weights and bike or run 6 days a week, no underlying health conditions I’m aware of, I do get pretty bad allergies. Here are my symptoms so far, I’ll continue to update as well. 


Symptom tracking
7/31 — woke up sore throat (hurt to swallow), sleepy, progresses to diarrhea (not complete liquid), cold but no fever, fingertips and toes cold
8/1 — minor pain in throat, headache upon waking (but also didn’t drink much water so dehydration probably influenced), little head fog, slept 9.5 hours with a lot of waking up, normal sweating here and there, taste and smell fine, no fever temp normal around 97.2

Took DayQuil and oregano oil in morning &amp; zicam
8/2 — sore throats very minimal, woke up at 8:15 still very tired, face is congested, maybe slight tightness around chest and abdomen, temp around 97, slight cough (very hoarse sounding, maybe a few times an hour), chest pain started in evening, falling asleep was slightly difficult because of chest tightness (not sure if Covid or anxiety)

8/3 — sore throat faintly that went away with a glass of water so prob just dry, headache faintly, very sleep upon waking, chest discomfort present starting 10 mins after waking up, the chest feeling is pain/burning, minimal coughing, stool a little loose but much improved from previous days, upper back feels right when taking a deep breathe, no SOB with chest discomfort. Post nasal drip type feeling in throat mid afternoon/early evening. Almost like a GERD feeling in chest. Started 4 baby aspirin every 5 hours starting at noon. I think chest discomfort has decreased, whether related to the aspirin or not. Went on 1.5 walk this morning, mowed my decent sized yard with push mower no problems. HR stayed in range normal for myself. Temp all day normal for me. Normal stool that evening, back to purely solid like normal not loose diarrhea 

8/4 — weird feeling in throat when swallowing (minimal), normal stool in the morning upon waking, no real cough although kind of scratchy/vibration feeling in chest like you could cough, temp in normal range, fair amount of mucus in my face (normal for my allergies though so who knows), full/tight feeling around chest and abdomen way less noticeable when taking deep breathes than before. Will take aspirin, oregano oil and bee propolis in the morning. Went for 5K run at lunch time, pace was pretty decent for my average. HR elevated but not beyond normal for me, breathing felt fine, just felt like some congestion in my nasal passages. Slightly dizzy when finishing but that left pretty quickly. Pretty loose bowel movement midday (diarrhea). Temp maintained normal levels post run, feel a little fatigued but not sure if it’s beyond “normal”. Body definitely still has that weird “off” feeling you get when you have a cold. 

8/5 — last nights evening was rough, chest and back pain constant. Very rough nausea. Woke up with some chest and back pain again, not nearly as bad as last night. But constant enough, not sure if Covid related or from taking medications round the clock since the start of this all. Some facial congestion of course and a slight headache. Temps were normal this morning. Stools were normal this morning despite the nausea and stomach pain. Throat seems to be okay aside from clearing it as per usual for me. The chest pain seems to be a pressure or knot feeling right at my sternum and directly into my back from that same point. 

That’s it so far, I’ve never had a fever through any of this. I’ll say I also suffer from anxiety which I took medication for for a few years (not currently). All things considered, I shouldn’t have run yesterday that was probably a bad idea but I’m a fool. This has definitely been an uncomfortable and anxiety spiking situation but I’ve never felt like I was going to actually die. At least not yet lol. Posting this in hopes it can help someone or at least relieve some anxiety. I know it’s tough and it feels shitty but you can make it through this. 

Supplements I’ve been using since day 1, everyday on a very tight schedule:
- multivitamin
- vitamin D (5000iu)
- oregano oil
- bee propolis
- aspirin
- mucinex syrup (🤮)
- zinc in the beginning but it causes too much gastric distress for me so stopped
- fish oil 


I’ve also been making a point to sit in direct sunlight everyday for extended periods. I work from home so I’m definitely blessed with that privilege. I’ve been making smoothies at least twice a day with various frozen berries and spinach &amp; kale. 

Feel free to ask questions and maybe I can help. Will update as symptoms progress or hopefully end 🙄 As a healthcare worker (venting)I am an RN and I work at a long-term care facility. I work PRN so I’m usually on a different floor each week. Last week I worked with 8 covid + residents whom I was unaware had it until later. Of course I took all precautions (masks, gown, face shield, Sanitize after leaving each room) this past week I was working on a new unit and I felt bad. I felt dizzy with a headache, I had diarrhea and was nauseated so I took my oral temp.. it was 99.9... the supervisor took it with the forehead scanner and it was 99.4. She said we don’t send people home unless it’s 99.5.......


So I worked all day feeling so bad and possibly infecting 35+ residents all over the age of 75. I have taken the test but no results yet... it’s just so infuriating to me that they are willing to put peoples lives in danger just to avoid having to call someone else in to take my place. Anybody out there?I wanted to see if anyone here is experiencing similar symptoms. I was bed ridden for weeks in march with respiratory illness. Then again in June. Then in July I started noticing digestive symptoms. Since then, I've lost a lot of feeling in my arms and legs. My hands shake randomly and I get nauseous. I get deep vascular pains in my legs, and rounded pain across my chest and back. Neck pains that feel like a cord come and go. When I stand I feel pressure in my scrotum region, and I get dizzy from turning around or turning my head while standing. I haven't been able to function for a week now, because I have this insanely sleepy lethargic feeling like I'm moving underwater. My vision is also obstructed at times with spots. Bloodwork says I'm fighting a viral illness and I've tested negative 3 times. 29 year old Male. Anyone out there experiencing anything similar? Symptoms have begun, this will be my log[removed] Day 153 Update and Encouragment!I’m a Long Hauler. I posted my journey back when this sub was all fresh and newish, back mid March. I posted a real time, fever fuelled diary. I ended up on our National news and in newspaper. 
Anyway...here we are 153 days in. 
I did have continued long term waves of SOB, neuralgia, absolute exhaustion.  The SOB is gone (touch wood!) I am able to function again, be active! I do get those overwhelming waves of exhaustion but they only last a wee bit (like half an hour) and I can continue to do stuff. Some brain fog but, that’s normal for me anyway lol. 

I’ve even weaned my vitamin intake down. Yay. 

So KEEP UP THE GOOD FIGHT!! YOU have GOT this!! The biggest take away, find some Zen! To the guy in this sub who told me on Day 13, my Hell Day/ER Day to “Just Chill” , thank you, I did, it worked and I hope you are healed as well. 

I used a LOT of YouTube videos with noise cancelling headphones to “get out of them panic zone”. Free, and chemical free. 
I used no meds. I am an athlete, female 59 and appreciate every single day like a gift. 

One day at a time. Be kind to yourself. Let your body heal, there’s no rush to get “back to normal”. It’ll be there when you are done. Gently hugs to all of you.  🤗 Just Chill. Lung Pain in Back?I had a mild but crappy case for about 7 days. I’ve started feeling a lot better the last 3 or 4 days with some exceptions. If I exert myself too much, I have coughing fits and very mild shortness of breath and then the next day I’ll be fatigued. 

But today I started feeling right lung discomfort in my back. It’s really uncomfortable. I keep moving and contorting my body to try and make it comfortable but I cannot. Almost feels like someone tied a small knot in my upper right lung. But all the discomfort is in my back and not the chest. Is this normal? I was planning on calling my doctor tomorrow to ask them but my friend thinks I should go to the ER. I think the ER is overkill at this point and I’d prefer not to be there right now. interpreting blood test results (IgM, igG)I got my immunological results, and I am not sure how to interpret them:

&amp;#x200B;

|SARS-CoV-2 (S1,S2,N) IgG-Ak|&lt; 1.1 Index|0.07|
|:-|:-|:-|
|SARS-CoV-2 (S1,S2,N) IgM-Ak|&lt; 1.1 Index|0.13|

The second column is reference, the third is actual result. Does this mean negative ?

Why are the actual values non zero ? Are Vivid Dreams a Symptom?[removed] Sick of thisHello everyone, 
Hope you guys are doing alright! 

I feel like every since I had corona my stomach hasn’t been the same. Ive always been a little lactose intolerant, but recently it has been terrible. I also keep have heart palpitations before I go to sleep ONLY. I don’t know if that’s linked to my stomach but regardless I’m tired of this and wondering is there something I can do to get my stomach back to normal. I’m going to start taking probiotics but anything else? Also anything help with heart palpitations? It could 100 percent be due to anxiety but I don’t know Prolonged low grade feverHi everyone!  Sorry for this being so long! 

First of all, I would just like to thank each and every one of you!  This is my first post here, but reading all of your posts and comments have sincerely helped me tremendously in knowing I’m not alone! 

So basically here is the rundown of my experience 
My husband and I are essential. I am an RN, and my husband is an operator at a local plant. We have socially distanced, and have been very respectful and conscious about everything. 

So my symptoms began on 7/8 (Wednesday). I was at work and had a sudden onset of sneezing, runny nose, itchy eyes, tingly throat that I chalked up to allergies. That night the congestion began and was pretty intense (over the next few days lost taste and smell). Called the dr the next day and a covid test was ordered. The hospital that I work at wanted me to be tested there since the results would be quicker than the hospital that my dr is at.  Had a covid test that Friday morning and got a negative result, but I still had low grade temperatures. 

Went to the walk in clinic that Saturday and tested positive for strep throat   (Ps I’m a freak of nature with strep. I’ve had my tonsils removed and still get it at least 4-5 times a year)   Started antibiotics this day and continued for the prescribed 10 days   The dr at the walk in clinic wanted me to be tested for covid again before returning to work since I work with newborns. 

Retested the following Wednesday at the hospital I work at, and once again got a negative result. 

Over the next days work would not allow me back at work with the low grade fevers, which I completely agree with. Finished the antibiotic, and still had fever. The dr at this point ordered labs, chest x Ray, blood cultures, etc. she told me that she suspected that it was in fact covid, and that my tests were false negatives   (This was on a Thursday)   The only thing that showed abnormal was some atypical lymphocytes. I hate dr Google, but when I did google it, I saw that the first things that popped up were research articles about atypical lymphocytes and covid patients.  

That following Saturday, my husband started to feel ill. By Sunday, he was barely able to drive home and had full blown covid symptoms   He was tested the next day and came back positive, and this point the dr was like this basically confirms it for you having false negatives. 


Sooo now... I’m experiencing 1-2 days of no temps, and then there’s nights like tonight when my fever is back. Tonight is one of the highest (highest 100.5) 

Anybody else experiencing this? I feel like I need this to be over to be back at work as quickly as possible. Work has been very supportive and understanding; it’s just me pressuring myself. I feel like I am second guessing everything.   I’ve messaged the dr and will hopefully have some more answers soon extremely worried about long term effects.I’m super super worried about the long term effects of this on my body. i’m only 18 but i’ve had shortness of breathe for about 3-4 weeks now. i have no underlying health issues. i keep reading things about lung heart and kidney damage. I’m a severe hypochondriac and now i’m extremely worried about my kidneys and heart and lungs. Any intake or advice would be helpful. When does this suffering end? Nearly 5 months of pain, fear and more importantly no progression.I have got to the point now where I doubt recovery is possible in my case. I just haven’t seen anything to suggest thats happening...

The physical suffering is one thing and when the waves come fucking hell its unbearable. But the mental torture of it all is making me suicidal, something I never thought I would ever be.

What kind of life is it to wake up in pain every day wondering what could have been. Feeling completely shut off from the rest of the world because everyone else you know has managed to stay healthy. 

I want that freedom when you wake in the morning. I want that sense of security when you go to bed at night. I want to know that things will get better and this isn’t just leading to my demise at the age of twenty god damn years old.

Where is the justice in this world? When does this suffering end? Lingering bad breath a few weeks after getting better?July 16 I got sick, July 20 was the worst since day 1 but I didn't end up going to the ER. My test results from 7/19 came back 7/21 negative. Despite the negative results my doc figured I had it and didn't want to see me just advised me to stay clear of everyone except for my wife who also tested negative but had completely different symptoms. The week after I had pretty minimal symptoms but some things still lingered. Things have been better and better but I'm still noticing that going back to 7/19 when I wore a mask to get my test done I've had terrible bad breath and still do. I wore a mask every time I was out starting in early march so that isn't new but the bad breath is. Should I be concerned by this? Thanks! Need to vent about this and don’t know what other subreddit to post onMy dad passed away on July 21st (due to complications from bitch ass COVID) and we haven’t had any type of funeral or memorial service for him and we won’t. I just asked my mom a few minutes ago if we could do a “velacion” (the word in English for this is probably wake but I’m not sure) for him next year when all this bs is over and she said yes. So apart from not being able to visit him in the hospital while he was still alive and not being able to be there for him physically when he died, now this fucking virus won’t even let us have a memorial service/wake for him. And obviously my mom had to choose to cremate him even though we all didn’t want that, but my mom and none of us wanted to risk others getting infected. Apart from all this 2 of my other family members and possibly myself got infected so the stress levels that we’ve all been put through this past month wondering if we were gonna live or die is impossible to describe in words. I already had ptsd, but I think this just added a whole new level of it. Increased weakness to heat?I had the virus back in March but now that we're getting into summer I'm noticing that the heat is hitting me harder than it used to.  I've lived in the desert for over 20 years and usually it needs to get well above 100 for me to start really feeling it, but the last couple months I feel like I've come close to getting heat stroke more than once, it's like my general tolerance for heat went down by about 10-15 degrees.  Has anyone else experienced this?  Can't decide if it's an aftereffect of the virus or if I'm just noticing the heat more because I'm spending so much time at home in the A/C compared to a normal year. Tested Negative Twice, Husband is PositiveAfter being insanely strict about following quarantine and isolation guidelines, my husband tested positive for the virus. As soon as he did I took our daughter and myself to get tested. It took five days to get those results and in the meantime our daughter developed a sore throat and I developed extreme fatigue, dry cough and shortness of breath. Once the health dept called to let us know about our quarantine orders, I talked to them about our symptoms. They were so sure that we had it they sent two more tests to our house to retest my daughter and myself. That was Friday. Over the weekend I felt the worst I’ve ever felt. Fever, chills, a pounding headache, and a dry cough that just won’t quit. They just called again today to say those results were negative too. I feel like I am losing my mind! I’m planning on continuing to isolate like we have it but just the confirmation from the test would have helped so much. 

Are false negatives extremely common? I understand that there are other viruses out there that have the same symptoms but we haven’t been around ANYONE. Tested negative/ furiousI’m just venting, but I’m beyond furious! Let’s see in the last 6 days I’ve had sore throat, extreme fatigue, muscle aches, a pounding headache, fever, diarrhea,shortness of breathe yet I test negative??? I feel like someone’s fist is in the middle of my chest. Pounding head ache for days. I’m so upset. I own a business, and I just don’t know what to do. I’m still going to assume I have it, but wtf. Oh and the nurse said all my symptoms sound like covid, and I should get retested .. I don’t even want to at this point idk. I don't feel so good...So, from yesterday midnight, my body is unable to keep up with my mind. I feel tired all the time, had a 102°F fever yesterday, felt better in the evening, with 98.6°F and went to a drugstore. Came back, fever back to 99.7°F (100.7°F as of writing this). Soar-throat. Sweating way too much and no signs of coughing or problem in breathing (Though it got pretty hard to breathe when I was just walking to the store).
I have an oximeter, it showed normal results everytime I checked [95-99(avg 97), oxygen ; 59-114(avg somewhere in 80es) pulse]. I'm yet to visit a doctor as 2nd of august was sunday, and 3rd of August, today is a holiday in India (Raksha Bhandan ; Festival). Both days doctors were not present. 
According to Internet, Oximeter works but I can't just trust it. 
Why I'm confused between covid and cold you ask? (You can skip this part and give me suggestions after the last paragraph, if you think this should not be important, but it is a detailed explanation of what happened.)

 Reason 1: This starts on 1st of August,  when I slept for only 4.5 hours(flag 1), after wathing a movie from 8AM to 12:30PM I had Buttermilk Half a litre(flag 2) (sour milk left after making butter, served chilled') after lunch at 1:30 PM went and spend my day as usual one difference being I went to a Doctor with my Grandma for her Diabities checkup(flag 3) I needed to get her to have a blood test, next day 7:30AM with an empty stomach, . And, by the night I was too sleepy, but heard that a friend of mine who used to live here before, his niece was admitted in the same hospital nearby and he might need to sleep at our place at night (flag 4) as there was no place for him to sleep and he lived about 12Kms away. I had to stay awake, somehow wasn't felling hungry so I took a bath at probably 1 AM and I ate at like 1:30 AM, with another 500ML packet of ButterMilk, that I knew I shouldn't have but I drank it anyways like always...
(Flag 5)
2:30AM friend arrives to sleep and It took me an hour to to sleep, slept after 3:30AM woke up at 6:30, 3 hours lf sleep(Flag 6). Went with my Grandma for her test. Later got to know now we need to do it once more after 2 Hours with filled stomach. I was moving under the sun, a really bright sun for 1.5 Hours straight. After coming back home took my temperature, it was 102°F. And now for the last part.
I realised that it should be common cold or a throat infection. 
But my sister and mother who were looking after me for the whole day yesterday are having same problems pain in throat and fever. Though they were not in the best condition to begin with (low immunity in both of them, they get fever and even disease pretty easily, from as long as I can remember, in contrast I have a lock solid Immune system. This is the first time in years I had such a fever, never had a disease either).

_________________________________________________________

I doubt this is covid as we do clean our house, sanatize our home thing that arrive at home. Take a bath every single time expect the times we went down and came back up (3rd floor, we still sanatize ourselves though). 
I'm worried about my family, it will be my fault, I think. I don't know if this was the right place to put this up but please help. Thank you very much for reading. I need your help!
*Quick update: It took me about an hour to arrange the words and write this but I just took my temperature now and it is down to 99.4°F. This is terrible.Found out last Monday someone in my department tested positive after knowingly being around positive family members. Felt fine Wednesday till I got out of my car and started walking into work. Thought I maybe drank a lot of coffee, so I chugged water. Halfway through my shift I felt overwhelmed with fatigue. Head felt hot as hell. Went home early. My dumbass didn’t own a thermometer. When I went to the doctors Friday to get tested I had a 100 temp. 

Day 2: Felt okay waking up. Throughout the day my body felt fatigued, headache, foggy head, and no appetite. 

Currently day 6 and still waiting for results. I seem to be getting heart palpitations here and there now, but breathing is fine(luckily). 
Has anyone else had their symptoms come and go throughout the day? Not a constant issue? Only thing that seems constant is the fever. Should I get re-tested?19F, got tested 8/1.

7/30 - Stomach ache

7/31 - Diarrhea, nausea, low appetite, fatigue, confusion. Thought I had a stomach bug, checked for fever at night but apparently didn't have one.

8/1 - Nausea/low appetite subsided. Fatigue and feverish feeling still there. Started to feel slightly congested along with a minor sore throat. Left work early to get a rapid test. Got my results 15 minutes later, tested negative.

8/2 - Stomach flu symptoms are gone. Sore throat became moderate to severe, still felt slightly feverish but had no fever. Cough worsened later in the day. Started taking cold medicine since I trusted the negative test.

8/3 - Same symptoms as day before. Breathing is a little choppy but that might just be anxiety. Now I'm worried the test was a false negative since I got my results back so fast. I'm now in a different country visiting my grandmother which I am terrified to infect.

Don't really know what to do at this point. I don't want to put too much faith in the test but it would make perfect sense if I did have the virus. I work in a place where there's already been tons of people who tested positive even though social distancing regulations are strongly enforced. I feel like I do a fair job of taking care of myself against this disease. But damn, I find it so weird why I'd get a random cold in the middle of the summer. I hardly ever get sick to begin with. CoviedMy covid symptoms

For the pst two weeks ive been experiencing covid related symptoms it started off with chest congestion and it hqs only felt like it’s been getting a little worse jus because I recently developed diarrhea and and vomitted yesterday i also feel lightheaded. What can you guys say abt my symptoms am I recovering since my breathing is kind of coming back. I have an oximeter and my levels have recently gone down to 99 its used to be 100. Husband is positive, passed it along to me.When they say in relationships "what's mine is yours" they weren't kidding. My husband works in the ER. During his last shift on Sunday, he found out that 9 other coworkers he had recent contact with  tested positive. Monday morning he woke up with a fever and went to get tested that afternoon. He immediately quarantined to a room in our house and I went through like a madwoman, sanitizing everything as best as I could while hoping that I would get lucky enough to not catch it. But this is 2020, the year where nothing goes how you want it--so of course I got sick a couple days later. My husband tested positive, and the doctor told him to assume that I was positive as well since I'm displaying symptoms. Here's how it's been so far for me:

**Monday:** Husband is sick with a fever, I felt fine and I disinfect and sanitize like crazy

**Tuesday:** I felt more tired than usual and had a stuffy nose and I don't feel 100%. I assume that it's just seasonal allergies and my paranoia. I napped a couple of times through out the day, and I NEVER nap so I thought something might be up but crossed my fingers anyway. 

**Wednesday:** I wake up feeling exhausted, some body aches but nothing crazy. Nose is still congested and I'm convinced I'm just experiencing sympathy symptoms. But that afternoon, I decide to take my temperature and sure enough, it's 99.9. I sleep for probably half the day because I'm too exhausted to do anything else. That night I think my fever might have increased because I was having some crazy fever dreams, and awful body aches and was sweating profusely. 

**Thursday:** Woke up with a fever of 100.5, body aches, chills, headache, mild sore throat. I'm exhausted and sleep for over half the day. 

**Friday:** No fever but my sore throat was a little worse. I still had body aches and was also just sore from sitting on the couch binging Netflix because I was too exhausted to do anything else. I napped off and on and didn't really move from my couch. 

**Saturday:** No fever or body aches, sore throat improved. Still was freaking exhausted though, lifting a Brita water pitcher has never been harder! I had a congested nose, some moments of nausea but never actually threw up. Started experiencing diarrhea, which was definitely NOT fun. We don't have a scale in our home but I felt like I've lost weight, and felt really "light", almost as if I might float away. Also developed a dry cough at night.

**Sunday (Today):** Woke up with some cramping and had some more lovely diarrhea. I have a headache behind my eyes this morning, also some more nausea. My stomach feels like its just bubbling and churning. Still incredibly tired and feeling like I'm never quite rested.

Don't know when I'll feel back to normal, but I'm ready for that day to come! Sinus and ears congestion 3 weeks ago, total loss of smell and taste, migrane, no fever.. anybody had simillar?Hello, I got horrible sinus congestion three weeks ago, like somebody spilled acid in my nose cavities, ears pressure, migranes, for more than two weeks, took antibiotic and nebulizer every day with corticosteroid and saline.. but it didn’t helped a lot. Lost completely taste and smell, can’t taste anything at all. Now is 24 days since symptoms started, feeling better but have bad reflux or it seems like it, cough sometimes sputum, sinus and ears still congested but not as bad as it was.. starts and stops few times during the day. Taste came back partially, smell didn’t return at all. Not sure is it covid... I was isolating for more than 14 days just in case.. unfortunatelly I’m on island not im my town, so didn’t go for a test. Did anybody had something simillar? Negative test but COVID symptomsI just found out so tested negative via PCR test but I am skeptical of the results. I have been sick for a week now with many covid symptoms including terrible headaches, fevers, fatigue, sore throat, dizziness, dry cough, rash. I also had a telemedicine visit with a doctor that suspected I was positive before I got my results back. I self administered a nasal swab test on my second day of symptoms. I’m wondering if I must’ve incorrectly administered the test or took it too early? How often do the PCR test come back negative and has anyone had this experience? People with changed smell/taste: Do strongly flavored foods stress your nervous system?I just ate a clove of pickled garlic and didn't taste it until I swallowed. Then it was very spicy, made my stomach hurt, my body got tensed up and stressed feeling for several minutes.  My taste is limited to salty, sweet, and spicy.  Garlic and pepper are ridiculously spicy.   If I eat something strongly flavored my salivary glands contract a lot and kinda hurt. Worst sickness of my lifeI had COVID while I was at college. I’m a 19 year old healthy male and corona absolutely destroyed me. At first I had bad chills, muscle sourness, and a little cough. After that I wasn’t able to eat, and just layed in bed extremely uncomfortable. It actually felt like an elephant was sitting on my chest and someone stabbing me. Very sharp stings in my chest and back which made it impossible to be comfortable. I just felt very “out of it” mentally all day long and had GI issues. My heart was pumping out of my chest with very constant heart palpitations every minute of the day. 100% the worst sickness I’ve ever had, and I’ve been through mono, step, flu, and koksaki virus. It became so bad that I got a 3 heart tests done on separate occasions and wanted to get chest x-rays. It wasn’t like I just woke up one morning and felt much better. My symptoms lasted longer than 2 weeks, I couldn’t sleep, and 4 months later I still have GI issues. Doctor told me I have GERD now, and I have serious reason to suspect Covid caused it. My family's experience and our issue with CVS drive through testingabout a month ago, 1 of my dad's co-workers tested positive for covid-19. the co-worker's brother (who also works with my dad) started getting sick shortly after. once my dad came home, he told us that his co-workers were sick and he decided to self isolate in his room, but soon after, my mom started feeling sick as well, so she began self isolating with him. after a few days, my dad said he didn't feel sick but my mom seemed to be getting worse. they both decided to go get tested at a nearby CVS pharmacy, since they have "quick" drive through testing. we waited almost 3 weeks to hear back from them. they finally called my dad and told him that he tested positive. my mother on the other hand, got an email saying that she tested negative. both of my parents are very immunocompromised, so had they actually been sick, they would have died. another thing that didn't make sense was that my dad tested positive, but only had a mild headache and lack of taste and smell while my mom had almost every symptom you could think of and then some, but she tested negative. another another thing that didn't make sense is that my siblings and i did not get sick when we were literally drinking out of our parents cups, sharing food, and not practicing social distancing between us and our parents. to me, the CVS drive through testing was just kinda bs. our family should not have waited so long to get the results back, and for the results to be inaccurate anyways? please, to anyone reading this, if you're going to get tested, go to a hospital or a real testing center where they'll give you the results quickly and accurately. Really bad heart palpitations (3rd hospital visit) possibly recovered/long-hauler (M24) tachycardia (one month of symptomsyesterday was the most scariest day of my life, I noticed that my heart rate was extremely high resting heart rate (130-150 BMP) &amp; I had to be rushed to the hospital since ems recommended it. They took blood work, did an ekg &amp; monitored  me for AI still have a bit of a sore throat but normal fever. They said I had tachycardia &amp; I have to see a cardiologist, that it might be “dehydration related/anxiety”. I do struggle with high anxiety but when I get up I automatically feel a high heart rate &amp; keep in mind my bloodwork/ekg came back normal. I still keep on having palpitations &amp; a high heart rate &amp; it’s very scary since it’s something I never thought I would struggle with with 🥺. I feel so drained since this has been going on for the past month (exactly one month &amp; things are so-so). I’m tired of being sick &amp; having now these heart problems, thankfully I have an appointment with my pcp &amp; I will be referred to a cardiologist as soon as possible. I just want to get better &amp; stop going to the hospital 😭. Anyone having symptoms that come and go on a daily?Fever seems steady, but my body aches and headaches keep coming and going even without taking any meds. Anyone else experience this? I think COVID might have triggered my dormant asthma to return. Boost your immunity in 2020 🔥[removed] What are my chances of survival?? 22F with asthmaI got tested at a CVS recently. Unfortunately my test result was TNP for whatever reason so I'll need to be retested. But I'm scared. I have asthma and lung damage from two pulmonary embolism I got after smoking black market THC carts when I was 19. I'm also overweight at 5'4 and 195 lbs. Will I be okay if my test ends up being positive? My SymptomsSo I took a test 6 days ago and still haven’t received the results, however, my doctor has presumed me positive, even if I get a negative/inconclusive result due to all my symptoms. I went to a CVS drive through and had to do the nasal swab on myself, and I could not get it all the way up, so the test may not be accurate. 

Figured I would post my experience and symptoms over the past week, to hopefully help others who think they may have it: 

July 25 - sneezed all day, slight headache, mental fog, everything tasted bland until right before bed when I lost my taste completely. No Fever.
July 26 - sore throat, zero taste, watery nose. No Fever. Took test this day.
July 27 - slightly elevated morning fever of 99.5 that went away. Itchy throat but no longer sore. More congested than before. As the day went on, things came in waves. I’d feel tired and slightly short of breath with a headache, then I would feel better. My taste came back about 20%. At night my temp went up to 100.9 before I took something to manage it and bring it down. Some dry coughs. 
July 28 - No fever in the AM. Coughing a lot more, this time a mix of dry coughs and wet coughs from the congestion. Felt better during day, but fatigue set in late afternoon. Had a slightly elevated fever of 99.1 before bed.
July 29 - No fever. Very lightheaded, fatigued, and dizzy. Headache and very intense pressure in my ears (felt like they were ready to pop). Also had some pressure in my back near my shoulder blades and felt like I had a weight on my chest. Some confusion and mild congestion. Occasional dry coughs. Taste is about 50%.
July 30 - No fever. Pain behind right eye. Exhausted but can’t sleep. Headache. No taste again. Called doctor, they put me on a Z Pak and monitoring me 2 times a day. Scary coughing fit at night, dry unproductive coughs consecutively in a row that just produced air from my lungs and made it hard to breathe. I’ve been describing it like a bike pump sound. The coughing fit lasted about 5 minutes and made me panic and cry. 
July 31 - No fever. Woke up feeling like I had a terrible hangover. Throbbing headache behind my right eye. Coughing worsened and a lot more frequent, all dry unproductive coughs. Symptoms would come in waves, I’d have bouts of energy and mild symptoms that would trick me into thinking I was feeling better. Very anxious and ansy. I felt like I wanted to move, but when I stood up I was dizzy and fatigued. It made me want to jump out of my skin and I didn’t know what to do with myself. I’ve lost 5 pounds at this point because I haven’t had an appetite. 
August 1 (today) - Lessening symptoms. Cough is manageable and still dry but more productive. Clogged left ear, stuffy nose and minor congestion. Still some weird pains in my body, but feeling a lot better. We will see how the rest of the day/night goes because I’ve been tricked before. Day 4. Moderate symptoms, cannot imagine it getting worseI’m a healthy, mid 30s White male, non-smoker. I’ve barely left my house since February and have been hyper vigilant about masks, gloves, sanitizing EVERYTHING due to my wife (immunocompromised).

7/29- Had a major headache all day that I couldn’t kick. Fever dreams all night.

7/30- woke up with 103 deg fever. Body aches, headache, chills, vomiting diarrhea, tingling tastebuds/phantom taste sensations. Only major category I seemed to have avoided is respiratory. Went to get tested, should see results in 3-5 days.

8/1- basically holding at the same level with all of the symptoms. I can barely stand up, my energy level is so low. The only good news is no one else in my family is showing symptoms so far and I’ve successfully been able to isolate. My experience with what I now know is COVID.Day 1-2 Woke up from golfing with really bad allergies. I have always had bad allergies but my face felt like it was pushing on my skill and i had an extremely runny nose and sneezing a lot. This was my only symptom , I thought nothing of it and took flonase to help. (actually did help but not completely)

Day 3-5 I just feel off that day, for some reason really tired, not really interested in anything. Didn't necessarily feel sick but I definitely wasn't great. It was almost as if I was depressed. I had no appetite and just wasn't in the mood for anything, and I barely ate anything.

Day 4-6 (NIGHTS)- Yeah the nights deserve there own category for this one because they are completely awful. I can never sleep because of anxiety or COVID. For some reason my lungs just start to feel like they are being attacked only at night. I still have not developed a fever at this point.

Day 7 (TODAY) - Very minor shortness of breath but if I havent had these other symptoms I would brush it off. Woke up today with like 90% of my smell and taste gone. Still no fever at this point. Feel off but hopefully I'm near the end of it. Wish me luck.

Knock on wood but I feel extremely lucky with how I've been dealing with this virus. I just recently lost weight from 300 to 250 pounds because of this virus scaring me so much. For those wondering I am a 20 year old male. Gastro only symptomsI'm a 32y/o White male. In March, at the beginning of the pandemic stateside, my uncle contracted the virus and passed away. I was one of the last people to see him, and ran out to get tested for both the virus and antibodies as soon as it was made public. At the time I tested negative. I did however develop gastrointestinal symptoms, attributed by endoscopy (after another negative COVID test) to esophagitis and a mild hiatal hernia. These symptoms would make it difficult for me to breath or sleep without belching. With testing being free in my state and readily available, I have gone to the drive thru test facilities 5 times over the course of the pandemic. I do my best to limit contact, but I do buy, trade, and sell items with others (all outdoors and I always wear a mask and gloves).  On July 19th I took a test and it came back negative on the 22nd. I did begin to feel post nasal drip in between this time and decided to get retested on the 24th. **That test came back positive on the 27th.** I took another test on the 28th because at the time I had no symptoms and the positive result made no sense. I also called my doctor and he scheduled a drive thru test at a hospital for me (which I am still waiting on the results of). **The test I took on the 28th came back negative.** 

&amp;#x200B;

Since the 27th, it seems the gastrointestinal symptoms I had back in late March / early April have returned even though I am now taking a prescription PPI. The area around my esophagus has a burning feeling again, I often feel the need to belch excessively, and there's a strong acidy feeling in my stomach. I have been quarantining since the 27th other than going out for walks around 1am in my rural neighborhood (there's nobody out) with two masks on. Other than gastrointestinal symptoms, I've got none of the other common ones. The post nasal drip feeling has subsided, no headaches, nausea, shortness of breath, cough, fever, etc. I do have a pulse oximeter and my levels are typically between 97-99%.  I do have some chest pain, but I had this exact pain with my gastro issues.  


My girlfriend (who I live with) also tested negative and she's been quarantining in a separate room, however she has experienced stomach pain over the past week as well (7-27 / 8-1).   


Has anyone experienced COVID and ONLY had symptoms that would be attributed to GERD? Finally Finding Relief From GI Issues Post Infection[removed] My story from back in March/AprilThought I would chime in and throw my story in as well. It's encouraging to hear I am not alone in testing negative yet my doctors are confident I had the disease. For a bit of background, I work at a hospital in radiology with an ER as a CT/IR tech and have no prior health conditions beyond migraines and seasonal allergies. We had been getting COVID-19 patients for awhile but the first several, no notice was given despite the number of pneumonia that were climbing. They were not tested for the virus until weeks after they were still sick. The US was so focused on people coming from China and Europe at this time that no one was paying attention domestically. Very few were looking. Now the main story of what COVID-19 did to me...it is a long one but I tell it to hopefully encourage you all as you have encouraged me. 


At the beginning of April I had noticed a truly horrible cough but I pushed it aside as allergies as it was the end of March turning into April. I had to run to the store to get a few grocery items. When I got to the store and was walking around I noticed that I was not feeling that well. My breathing was as if I had just sprinted up a hill. I also felt just fatigue that felt unusually potent for someone who had just gotten up. As I went through the store to get my grocery items, I realized that I was indeed having a difficult time catching my breath. Now at work I have always been known as the guy who always takes the stairs because I refused to use them to give myself exercise and for environmental reasons. This was beyond unusual for me. I called my wife to let her know my issues and set up a virtual urgent consult to make sure I was not overreacting. After my consult refused to even try to treat any of my symptoms and referred me for testing, I phoned my supervisor who told me to not return to work. I was assigned a time slot to go get tested later that day. I tried to eat lunch and realized then I could not taste anything. I will never forget it as I had bought habanero potato chips to eat with my lunch that day and I tasted no flavor. I could feel the burning of the peppers but no flavor whatsoever. 


Over the next 3 days at home I gradually slowed down overall. I felt exhausted doing basic activities and just felt an overwhelming desire to nap (which I never do). On the 3rd night after I first felt ill, I realized my heart was pounding and I could not seem to catch my breath. I prayed, meditated and listened to calming music. Nothing helped and I felt like I was going to pass out. I then told my wife I needed to go to the hospital (which we had planned for just in case). I tried to go down the stairs of our house and I essentially slide down the first flight because I was too weak to use my legs. We called EMS that noted when they arrived my o2 was at 100% but my heart was pounding at 165-175BPM. They placed me on oxygen which, within minutes, slowed my heartrate and cleared a headache I did not even realized I had. I could not stop violently coughing. 


I was immediately placed in isolation at the hospital.   My CAT scan showed no signs of pneumonia but, the pulmonologists stated that they heard the early signs of it in one of my lungs. I took them at their word for it because when it comes to how lungs are supposed to sound, I don't have the slightest clue. At the time I was just thankful it wasn't worse. They assured me that this was the best time to come in before the pneumonia set it because it dramatically increases my odds to beat the disease. I had more tests done on me than I could count being done to myself...my nose didn't stop bleeding for a week because they swabbed me so often. I tested negative for every viral and bacterial infection that there is a test for in the hospital including twice for COVID-19. Despite this, my condition did not improve and symptoms got worse. I started throwing up (which makes it the sixth time I have ever thrown up before in my life), having horrible diarrhea, night shakes and sweat so bad that my nurses rushed into my room every night to make sure I wasn't having seizure, and still requiring oxygen to not have a ridiculously high heart rate. 


My days at the hospital, despite only being a week, started to blend into a blur. I cannot begin to describe the exhaustion...it was worse than a time in my life when I was awake for over 2 days straight. I remember meeting doctor after doctor checking on me, telling me they were deciding on an experimental regimen. They told me there was a team dedicated to keeping the various doctors on the same page to decide the best regimen. I told them I was willing for anything and would do my best to comply. Unfortunately, this was a not a good time to discover I was allergic to azirthromycin...I remember yelling in pain as my arm and chest turned red all over, seconds from when the medication entered my IV line. I remember volunteering again to receive azirthromycin a second time despite the first horrible reaction as they really wanted me to receive it. The second attempt was even worse and the agony it caused seconds after being administered is beyond words. Fortunately I did not suffer an asphyxiation from these attempts. I remember a few hours after this, they told me they were switching me to a more supportive regimen that would aid my lungs to open up more but I would need to take an anticoagulant. I have always fear anti-clotting medication but I told them to do what they think best. I just wanted some relief. My lungs could no longer draw in more than 1000mls of air according to a spirometer they had given me. 



Then...I improved. I was abled to be weaned off oxygen. My appetite came back. I slowly was able to draw in more than 1000mls of air. I met again with numerous doctors who said they wanted me to finish my recovery at home to free up another hospital bed for a sicker patient. They told me, despite my negative covid tests, they were confident I had the virus. I had too many symptoms, known close contact exposure without proper PPE, and tested negative for everything else that could have caused my issues...with tests that are way more accurate than the covid ones. They worked with me to coordinate my medications being available at my house and told me to let my parents take my daughter away out of precaution. They said I may have exposed her but it would be a higher risk of exposing her now than before. My symptoms being worse now gave her a higher chance of contracting it according to the doctors. They told me to protect her because of the limited data on children.  
My parents graciously volunteered to take our daughter in despite the risk to themselves. They knew they'd need to isolate too but agreed with it being more risky for her to be at home. I thank God everyday that they chose to help us. 


I spent another 3 weeks better than before the hospital but still extraordinarily ill. My wife lived on the botton floor of our house and I on the top. I stayed in our bedroom masked when I could. My wife would cook meals for me and leave them either at my door (if I was feeling weak) or on a table. All of the plates, cups, utinsles I used were disposable. I always wore a mask when going to get either my medication or food until it was time to eat. I had to take more pills than I ever have in my entire life...on a schedule that was so complicated I had to program reminders into my phone. For the first 6 hours of my day I could have no fruits, vitamins, vegetables or dairy. I then had to wait 2 hours after my afternoon medication to be allowed to eat other foods. We kept a window cracked despite the heat in Texas to reduce my wife's chances of contracting the disease. We ordered an air filter to not have to do this and keep us more comfortable. That air filter stayed on all the time. 


Slowly I indeed did get better. I was weaker than I ever was in my life but around week 3 I noticed that I was not as short of breath as much anymore unless I pushed myself. It took a month time for me to not require a chair to shower but I did get there. My wife and my daughter did not get sick. My parents did not either. Somehow one or more of our precautions worked. It's possible they were asymptomatic but we really have no way of knowing. I ended up needing to return to work around week 4 as I had exhausted all of my PTO options but I knew that after I and others got sick they reduced our workload. I knew my bosses would also make as many arrangements in their power to help me return with support. I kept them in the loop throughout my sickness and they helped distribute more PPE to my colleagues than before (particularly face shields which was what I had not had). My bosses helped in turning a blind eye to my snail's pace of work, showing up a few minutes late here and there, them actually volunteering to do more of the heavy lifting, ensuring I was not alone for the first couple of weeks, letting me take a proper break every few hours. They also worked to get 2 weeks of my PTO back and didn't require any further documentation if I called in for a sick day. I'm still very grateful.  


As for me now? I am much much better, but I would be lying if I said I felt the same. I'm still one supportive medication that I am told is for COPD and another medication for my stomach as my gut did not agree with the cocktail that was given to me. But I am alive. I am much stronger than even a month ago. My taste buds and smell are not the same. A few things taste different to me than before. Lobster tasted like fried chicken the other day... but fried chicken tasted like breaded rubber. It's a mixed bag. I find myself wanting to nap all the time. According to my wife and some of our friends who go way back, my voice has changed to some degree. But I am adjusting to the new normal. I still cannot run but I can finally walk a normal pace for short periods of time. Somedays are better than others. But there is finally hope for long term improvement. 


Thank you if you made it to the end of my story. I am so thankful for this sub...it's so supportive and has helped me get through this emotionally.  Stay safe everyone. Got covid in early april, still dealing with extreme brain fog, tachycardia, fatigue, memory issues, neuro issues and unable to do any exercise what so ever. Wear your god damn mask!I got covid in early april and I'm still almost disabled. HR through the roof walking slowly (130+), intense headaches, fatigue, muscle weakness and numbness in face and jaws etc. I think it's interesting that the long term effects are not spoken about much in this pandemic but it looks like I went from previously healthy active athlete to disabled and probably unable to return to full time work. It's been almost 4 months.

The mental health aspect has been the worst when dealing with this. Going from super fit and healthy to sick and disabled just like that really fucks with my mind. My doctors are useless and have no idea whats going on since the virus is still so new and not much is known about long term issues. Before this happened I went to the gym 4 times a week and rode my bike 5 miles a day to work. Im now unable to take a walk because it leads to a crash the next 24 hours rendering me dysfunctional for the whole day (fatigue, pain, brain fog)

WEAR YOUR GOD DAMN MASK! Shortness of breath up to Day 8 - but no other symptoms21 M and I exercised. Whenever I breathe, I feel like the air going inside me never fully fills my lungs. It's a consistence occurence for eight days and worsens after I eat. I got tested negative for COVID but I was exposed to someone who had it. 

Weirdest part is I haven't got any other major symptoms. I did experience nausea at some point, but that went away. My Blood preasure and O2 levels are pretty normal. Did anyone else have similar experiences? How did you medicate and treat yourself? Would love to know people's SOB experiences cause I feel like my case is a bit rare one since I have never in between day 1-8 managed to take a lung full of air. Heart Rate and Paracetamol/Acetaminophen[removed] Should I go to the Hospital? (Coughing up blood in morning)Hello,

I made a thread earlier this week about having symptoms of the virus. I took a test earlier this week, still haven’t gotten my results from 7/28. Overall, it’s been fine. No more fever, just a cough with some wheezing. Nothing I haven’t experienced before except: 

The last 2 days when I wake up in the morning I have a wet coughing fit. And I ended up coughing up a good deal of blood. I took a photo of you wish to see it. It was 2 loads of bloody phlegm this morning. It has now stopped. Just like the other two days, this is only when I first wake up. I have an oximeter, my levels are 96-98 with a bpm of 70-85. I check it regularly.

I went to the doctor this afternoon and told him my symptoms, he didn’t see me privately, this happened in the doctors waiting area. He told me to go to urgent care for a chest X-ray. And gave me a prescription for antibiotics. Should I just stay home since my results for covid 19 haven’t come in yet if I’m doing just fine right now? I don’t have any issues breathing/shortness of breath, no fever, no aches or pains. Just a cough and some wheezing. 

Thanks for reading. Heart monitor results, possibly good news. And a little history of my illness.So, some of you know be by now and might be familiar with my various symptom history. 
A quick summary: 
I first became symptomatic on May 17. I loss my taste and smell like out of nowhere. I had been very active all day. A 5 mile walk and another
 1 1/2 climbing session on my home 40 degree climbing wall.  I was not feeling sick whatsoever. 
I decided to treat myself to a small portion of ice cream with melted dark chocolate chips on it. 
I started eating it and it just tasted off. All I could taste was bitter. WTF? So I dumped it. 
I decided to see what other stuff tasted like. I either couldn’t taste anything or it tasted off.
Shortly after this I became lightheaded. I felt high, but not in a fun way. 
Oh boy...
That’s where it all began.
From May 17 till July 22  I was on a symptom roller coaster. 

My symptoms to try to sum them up were: 
Loss of taste and smell w/metallic taste 
Red, wet, gunky/ crusty eyes w/ puffy lids 
Hoarse voice
Drippy nose 
Full feeling in ears 
Brain fog
Mental confusion
High like, lightheadedness 
Blurry vision (in a couple different ways) 
Body weakness 
Malaise 
Fatigue 
Random body aches, pains and 
skin sensations 
A constant elevated temp between 98-99+ 
Loss of appetite 
Sleep problems 
Vivid dreams 
A dry cough 
Tachycardia/ Bradycardia / Heart palpitations 
High Blood pressure 
Slight shortness of breath 
And easily winded 
Burning or pressure in chest 
Tinnitus


So just to name a few...  
there’s more but this a general list 

So for the main point. 
I had a 3 day holter heart monitor test a few weeks back.  The heart palpitations were getting troublesome.
I just spoke to my primary doc. And he said , that while I did have 5 premature beats, it wasn’t enough for concern. They confirmed the tachycardia and bradycardia symptoms, but during those times my heart was still functioning normally. 

So what that suggests is a signaling problem from the brain. 
To attempt to rule out any further damage. We’re going test for inflammation and do a heart ultrasound. And just keep monitoring for long term problems. 

I hope this posts helps anyone experiencing similar problems. The damage may be there, but  to my mind it was best case scenario, I had hoped for. 

Also, I finally feel validated by my doctor and that’s very cathartic. I took a test, I don't have the results but it seems fairly certain I have it, I feel terrible.What helped? I'm so scared. My Experience as an ICU RN with COVID-19 (as it unfolds)So a little background, I work in the ICU with COVID positive patients for the last 4 months and have seen the sickest of the sick. About 4 months into this pandemic I believe I have acquired COVID-19. Test is still pending, but has all the classical markers of the virus (high fevers, dry cough, body aches). I am a perfect picture of health upper 20s male with no underlying health conditions that is a nonsmoker.

It started as a sore throat, one that I attributed to allergies l, as allergen counts were elevated in the area and I had no other symptoms. Lots of sneezing and a runny nose. So it sounds like the perfect allergy description. I didn't pay too much attention to it and proceeded with life as previously, minus taking some Flonase and Xysal for my allergies.

Much to my dismay, the allergy mediation did not help with the symptoms, with additional Sudafed used to attempt to stem the secretions (with minimal effect, at doses of 30-60 mg Pseudoephedrine). The day after my sore throat started, I woke up with chills and a low grade fever of 100.1, which on recheck was 99.6. I called the COVID-19 Hotline to get tested anyway, due to my high risk as an RN in the ICU dealing with COVID-19 patients at least weekly. Took the swab test, and am awaiting results.

In the meantime, here is a timeline of my symptoms:

*Day 1:* Sore throat, runny nose, sneezing.
*Day 2:* Fever up to 102.2 F, some mild tachypnea, congestion, headache, clogged Eustachian tubes.
*Day 3:* to be determined... Had a bunch of symptoms, loss of smell did it for me.On Saturday 07/25 I woke up with a very sore throat, I couldn’t even drink water.

I was outside all day setting up a tent for a small cookout (10 ppl) and started feeling very drained. I drank two Advil’s, felt a little bit better and carried on with my day. 

Sunday comes and I start feeling very cold, tired and my nose gets runny (sore throat is still there) I’m constantly sweating and my eyes are very painful. 

Monday I set up a virtual appointment with a doctor at 11:00pm because I could not take the throat pain anymore (he gives me amoxcillin and oral lidocaine). My sister starts complaining about a sore throat. 

Tuesday throat pain is still intense but all other symptoms have subsided except for night sweats, throat pain, and very minimal congestion. 

Wednesday night after believing I was feeling a lot better I lost my sense of smell, here I go on another virtual call with a doctor only for him to say everything else pointed at strep but your sense of smell is not common and may be covid. 

My question to you all, has anyone had similar symptoms? And is your sore throat a burning sensation rather than actual pain? I’m still waiting to see where I’m going to get tested (got charged $250 last time and would rather go somewhere free) The anxiety is killing me. I think I'm Covid Positive, but can someone confirm? Has your experience been the same as mine?Hey everyone! I just wanted to share my experience with what I think was covid (never got tested; based on my experiences and the posts I've been reading on reddit). 

So initially, I started to feel a little strange in my heart/chest area during workouts, but I thought it was due to me taking C4 pre-workout. The first couple days I didn't really feel too sick, but I knew that something was up in my body. It wasn't extreme fatigue, but I just felt like I had to rest.  Then on about Day 3 or 4, I started to feel more pressure and tightness in my chest area, as well as fatigue, shortness of breath, and diarrhea (also had one nasty headache a couple days before this, and puked as well; I think this was the start of my symptoms).  I honestly was starting to get worried and anxious cause I had no clue what was happening to me. But I was able to walk around and had some energy, but just felt off.  I kept telling my mom that I might need to go to the hospital or see a doctor. 

Then my brother brought up the possibility of covid, and as I was reading about experiences on reddit, I found a LOT of similarities to how I was feeling: chest tightness, shortness of breath, delirium, confusion, anxiety, feeling feverish, fatigue, diarrhea, etc. I'm pretty sure I caught covid, so I rested for two weeks, mostly chilling in bed, catching up on animes and doing some work on my laptop. I definitely feel a lot better than how I felt those first few days, but I still have some lingering feelings/effects. I still feel some chest tightness at times, as well as slight fatigue. 

Has anyone else been going through this? I thought I was fully recovered the other day, but at night I started to feel like a slight heaviness to my chest. And today I was starting to feel some fatigue and chest heaviness as well, and my heart was racing, but idk if that was because of my anxiety. (this coronavirus has really ramped up my anxiety lol). I definitely feel a lot better than the first few days, but I don't feel like I've recovered. It's been about two weeks now.

Let me know what your story is and if mine is similar to yours! I'm honestly getting a little anxious, so I've turned to reddit for help :) haha How to interpret the blood test results?My father back in South America got a blood tested since he has not been feeling well. He has had symptoms such as shortness of breath, fever, etc.

He received the results, but the appointment with the doctor to read the results is in a few days since things there work very slow.

There is a part in the results that says: P.C.R Positive 12 MG/DL

Does this meant he tested positive for COVID-19? Any help from a doctor, nurse or someone who knows would be greatly appreciate it! Crashed OvernightHi, 

So about a month ago my boss at Zaxby's suddenly became ill. He was at work basically just fallen over sick. Of course with everything going on we sent him home, but the owner found no reason to shut down or do any necessary extra cleaning. FYI Zaxby's is franchised based so any complaints or concerns to their so called "corporate" does absolutely nothing. Anyway about less than two weeks goes by and my boss returns. He talks of his symptoms: fatigue, stomach pain, diarrhea, loss of taste and smell. Basically many symptoms that were COVID related. There was a positive test result at another store that is owned by the same guy and they didn't do anything either. So fast forward a few days from my boss returning and now he has told me that his covid test came back positive. I then proceed to ask him what kind of measures the store is going to take. He proceeded to tell me that HR guy felt no need to take any measures because he didn't work two days before showing symotoms and was not near anyone when he did. Now fast forward to the next day, I am having a little trouble breathing. This can be a little normal for me because of my asthma, if I get overheated very fast I can have a flare up. I took my emergency inhaler and seemed fine till later that night. It was wierd for me to have another flare up later in the day especially since I was just watching TV, but my inhaler worked again. Finally it hits around one in the morning, the pressure in my chest feels like a rock I take the inhaler and go back to sleep until finally I wake up and the pressure is unbearable. My lips are becoming very pale and I am exhausted. So guess what, I'm at the hospital for thd next 5 days with pneumonia and sepsis caused by covid according to the doctors. My test csme back negative but they found no other explanation for how I crashed so bad OVERNIGHT. My boss wants proof I've been admitted as I could no longer finish out my two weeks and once again they are keeping it very quiet on why I left. The only thing wierd was I never showed any symptoms other than fatigue, chest pain, unable to breathe without being on oxygen for four days, and my bpm was through the roof. I won't be going back to work for another week and a half and my quarantine ends in the next few days. The steroids I've been out on are making me even sicker at times but I can tell how hard my body has been fighting. Covid hits everyone differently, but I do feel a burning anger towards my former job. Day 40 UpdateUpdate since it’s been a while and I think some might benefit from this. Done a few posts on covid and my thoughts, if you’d like to read my initial presentation it is in my history. 17, male. Today marks day 40 (I think?) symptoms are weird. Here goes:
- Random pains: pretty much everywhere, just get random nagging pains especially in my chest and abdomen.
-Joint pain: in its own category because it presents pretty consistently unlike the random pains, I have a feeling of inflammation and a “fullness” I guess along with pain in my knees and elbows, on and off.
-Arrhythmia: Cardiac symptoms started recently. Heart palpitations more than normal as well as random bouts of tachycardia with exertion beyond what’s normal.
-Nausea: hits me randomly when I’m lying down and persists for about an hour, like I’m going to pass out.
-SOB: not as persistent but still occasional.
-Insomnia: somewhat new but I seem to have heightened anxiety which may or may not have led to the insomnia or it may be a symptom of its own. Waking up multiple times throughout the night, not because of urination.

Symptoms seem to appear and disappear, who knows what may come next. Hanging in there. Day 40 UpdateDay 40 Update

Update since it’s been a while and I think some might benefit from this. Done a few posts on covid and my thoughts, if you’d like to read my initial presentation it is in my history. 17, male. Today marks day 40 (I think?) symptoms are weird. Here goes:
- Random pains: pretty much everywhere, just get random nagging pains especially in my chest and abdomen.


-Joint pain: in its own category because it presents pretty consistently unlike the random pains, I have a feeling of inflammation and a “fullness” I guess along with pain in my knees and elbows, on and off.


-Arrhythmia: Cardiac symptoms started recently. Heart palpitations more than normal as well as random bouts of tachycardia with exertion beyond what’s normal.


-Nausea: hits me randomly when I’m lying down and persists for about an hour, like I’m going to pass out.


-SOB: not as persistent but still occasional.


-Insomnia: somewhat new but I seem to have heightened anxiety which may or may not have led to the insomnia or it may be a symptom of its own. Waking up multiple times throughout the night, not because of urination.

Symptoms seem to appear and disappear, who knows what may come next. Hanging in there. SLOWER heart rate anyone?I know many people talk about tachycardia, but has anyone experienced bradycardia? A low heart rate?

Mine has dipped into the low 50’s along with my 3 months of SOB even down to 49 at one point. It’s usually just in the night or mornings when I am in bed, but my resting rate while working is 60-70. SpO2 is always 96%+. 

I think it’s more concerning because of this endless SOB I’ve been dealing with. Can anyone else relate? Got my test results back, and they said “not detected” but I’m having every symptom stillHey all, I’ve felt super sick for over a week now and got my test done two days ago. The worst part right now is the insane amount of chest pains, and the shortness of breath. Also having a cough, sore throat, digestive issues, EXTREME fatigue, and headaches. 

My doctor suspected that I would come back with a positive test. However, I got my results back today, and it came back “not detected.”

What should I do now? Did I go too early? Should I keep isolated while I have symptoms? 

Any help would be really appreciated, thank you all! Thank you guys for this sub!This sub has been SO helpful and eye-opening for me. I traveled to Washington over Christmas and came back with a cough/fever that lasted weeks. I ended up getting diagnosed with pneumonia. This was back in late Jan-early Feb when covid JUST got to the US (coincidentally, in WA). 

My boyfriend and I had JUST made plans to move to a new place in a much more rural area. I quit my day job (which was 2 hrs away from my new home) and ran my own online shop full-time for a bit. But I kept feeling so much anxiety and fatigue that I ended up closing it- I couldn't keep up with it anymore. I attributed it to my already-existing ADHD/anxiety and moving to a new place, but after starting a new job, I got sick again. Gave it to my boyfriend, too. We were both down for a few days. I decided it was time for me to stop having so much anxiety about this and do my research- thus finding this sub. 

NOBODY in my town takes it seriously-- mask wearing is about 50/50, and businesses didn't really shut down except for a month or two. After reading about everybody's symptoms on here, it really opened my eyes. A few of my mom's friends passed away from it already &amp; I just found out today. This is a serious thing-- and I'm not saying that in a fear-mongering way, but because it's a brand new virus to ALL of us, we have to be so so careful with our immune systems. It's just crazy how down-played it was at first (still kinda is, around here at least). Cases have gone up soo much in my area. &amp; losing my job meant losing my insurance, too, so it's been real. Thankfully my boyfriend's grandma is helping us out with testing, so we plan to do that this week. We both struggle with mental health stuff &amp; have only lived together for about a year, too, so it's been real to say the least.  But he's been a humongous help at the same time.  

Anyway! Thank you guys so much for sharing your stories, tips, symptoms, etc. It helped give me the wake-up call I needed to start taking my health way more seriously.  Please stay positive &amp; take care of yourselves, also! if you take psych meds please keep in touch with your doctor about the side effects (I had to cut down on Adderall bc it was giving me too much anxiety &amp; contributing to the inflammation/sore muscles... I'm also not about to give myself heart issues if I can help it. It's been a struggle but really did help my symptoms personally, but I understand some people need it!). Headaches, stiff neck and backHi all!

I’ve posted in the past about my experience with what is believed to have been covid. I was sick back in April with increased heart rate, chest pain, sob, weakness, muscle pain and so much more. A month later i had some odd swelling in the side of my neck i do have a swollen lymph node but thats in the back of my neck. Anyway i thought this swelling/ full feeling in my neck was getting better but now its back full force. Aside from that im dealing with this lower back pain constant all day headaches and at times neck pain. If i lay down to rest when i get up my whole back and neck feel stiff and my legs feel weak. 

Im becoming mentally drained by this. Im 35 f mother of two, im not use to feeling this way. Its almost 4 months now and im starting to wonder if this is something else. Every doctor i see has no answers and just does blood tests.

Its very frustrating when you feel horrible and not even doctors know what it is or can help. Feels like I am alone trying to find answers. I guess im just venting here.

Has anyone had these issues with back and neck? Teen Survivor of COVID Vent(I put presumed positive, because I had it before COVID 19 tests were made).

A month to two months before COVID had started being reported in China, I was extremely sick. I took multiple flu tests, strep tests, etc. and everything came back negative. I couldn’t taste anything, I lost part of my hearing, I couldn’t smell either. I constantly felt weak, and it was terrible. I thought I was dying. Doctors kept saying, oh it’s probably just the flu, and my mom would have to explain to them the severity of my condition. 

There was this one night though. Where I had just thrown up, and was about to again, and even though I’m not a very religious person, I had a talk with God. I was sitting on this couch in a hotel (because we planned a trip and still went cause I was getting slightly better but then got MUCH worse once we were there), and I had a talk with God about life. I remember asking him to take care of my family, but mainly my mom. I remember asking God to kill me. For Death to come and kill me. I wanted to die.

I told my mom that her sleeping on the couch beside me snoring was what knocked me out of that thought process and made me want to live, as to not scare her. But, that’s not true. I thought I was dying, and I wanted to die. When I did really look at her, I just kept asking God to take care of her for me and to look out for her. I wrote a note on my phone that said I love you, and I am just reeling.

I was running on pills, I couldn’t keep anything down. And now, I am healed and okay. But, it was such an odd experience. And, since I was sick during the school year before Covid was thing, I missed a lot of schoolwork and my grades suffered because of it. I’m really worried that I won’t be able to alert colleges that I had COVID 19 and that’s why my grades dipped. 

I really just wanted to vent, and to those who do currently have COVID 19 - Apple sauce, lemonade, and gushers helped me. Hope you get through this, stay strong. Got Tested TodayHey all! Thanks for sharing your stories. I’ve been experiencing mostly respiratory symptoms like fatigue/ exhaustion and short of breathe on everyday tasks. I can’t even shower without seeming like I ran a half marathon. 

I also noticed headaches and light lung pressure with a light cough. Due to this, I got tested today and hoping for the best. I still have fatigue/ muscle aches/ short of breathe but the fluish symptoms have seem to gone away. 

Anyone else have a similar experience? Hopefully my test comes back negative. 

Wishing you all the best! Anyone else have everything taste too sweet?Like in a disgusting way. Like water tastes like there's sugar in it. Crackers. Meat. I can take one bite, roll the disgusting too-sweet taste around in my mouth, and then that's it. I eat one bite per meal. Will it always be like this? Will I get my sense of taste back or does it stay like this?

Also, is anyone else here a seizure COVID case? I had three grand mals at the hospital yesterday. Week of daily low grade fevers, negative test?Has anyone experienced daily low grade fevers that come on in the afternoon and get higher as the evening goes on (without going over 100) but still received a negative test? Tested negative, pretty sure we only started showing symptoms at the tail end and that's why it won't pick up on a test. Post viral fatigue. Anybody else dealt with similar/heard of similar?I have a post already from before describing my symptoms. Basically Wednesday the 15th we both started feeling off, got tested the 18th, tested negative, got tested again the 24th, and tested negative again.

We both had a lot of symptoms that specifically align with coronavirus and don't pertain to anything else. Really bad brain fog, metallic mouth taste, exhaustion, cough, sore throat, headache, muscle soreness. Since a couple of those are so specific to COVID and we live in the epicenter, I'm choosing to believe we had it regardless of our test results.

My theory is that we only started showing symptoms at the tail end of our infection because our immune systems were worn down, and that's why the tests didn't pick it up - because the virus wasn't populated enough in our bodies. Our current symptoms are much better, but we are still dealing with occasional waves of exhaustion and brain fog, especially when we are at all active. So this makes sense for post viral load fatigue.

I am taking the negative tests to mean that we are not contagious, but I still am very confident that we had it. We live in the epicenter. We've been so careful but it's just so easy to catch. It just seems extremely statistically unlikely to me that we could both get some other mystery illness, living in the epicenter, that includes such COVID-specific symptoms.

Has anybody else had a similar circumstance or have any input? My wife and I are both in our third wave of severe symptoms since our first onset in March. I don't know if I have the strength to survive this again, and honestly I'm not sure if I want to anymore.If this is going to just keep coming in waves like this then I don't know if I want to go on. Every time it flares back up it's like living Hell. The nightmares, the pain, the muscle weakness, the fatigue. Every time I go to bed I feel like I won't wake up again. But of course I do wake up again, all night long, feeling delirious and helpless. The heart goes from pounding to fluttering. Stomach cramps, acid reflux, nausea, sweats, chills, and did I mention pain? And now I'm getting mucus from my chest once again. I had finally gotten past that.

Has anyone else had visual disturbances with this? My wife and I close our eyes and see like kaleidoscopes or bubbling lava, it's hard to focus on things properly, and I can't see very well in my periphery. I'd suspect we were being poisoned but we don't often eat the same foods. I'd suspect Carbon Monoxide but we have a very good detector and it's telling us things are fine.

If I knew that I was going to get better and have a life again then I would not feel so despondent. But if this is how life is going to be from now on, well that's just not living at all. And I had ME/CFS for years before this so I have plenty of experience living with chronic illness and I don't give up easily. But this... this feeling of malaise, of impending doom, of utter helplessness... just typing this post is taking all my strength this morning. Oh, wait, it's 2:00 in the afternoon. It's all just a blur. So Im like 💯 positive my boyfriend and i have it. I'm immunocompromised with very bad lung scarring I just need advice from people who have had it. Thanks 👍Hello, I'm immunocompromised and my boyfriend and I have been in qurentine since February due to how dangerous this is and well, we live in tourists-ville and they didn't care (still don't) about this virus so we decided for my safety to stay home. We work from home and barely leave the house.. haven't seen friends or family in a very long time either.. so when my boyfriend had to get his tooth pulled due to a bad filling we were both uneasy about it, we live in Orlando, Florida, shits kinda going down here. Tourists are still coming and now they are coming more to residential areas which I haven't seen before now. 🤦🏼‍♀️ I can't leave the house without seeing 20 out of state plates that make me wanna start target practice with some eggs..

We both came down with symptoms about 4 days after the extraction. We have been tested but they told us ten days to come back.

I have really bad lung scarring from chronic long lasting pnemonias as a child. One of my lungs was nearly removed and I get very winded (despite being in great shape) going up stairs or anything before this..  I have several autoimmune diseases as well.

I currently have us both on high dose Flonase as it's a steroid and liquid iv fluids along with other immune boosters for my boyfriend. I'm not sure what else I can do at this point and I'm curious if we are positive what the treatment options are for people like me? I've heard they are putting people on all kinds of things in my bracket earlier rather than later now so I was hoping someone could spread some light on that. 

I completely understand this isn't a Medical advice board or somewhere to get professional advice on this I just wanted to know what everyone else was doing after this point.? I just need someone to talk to that understands what we are facing.

Our symptoms: extremely dizzy, headache, nausea, diarrhea, upset stomach, fevers, chills, body aches, ear and eye pain and fatigue. Just like the flu but very different, today I started to feel a tightness in my chest that lasted more than 20 minutes after going up my stairs. it feels like I just got off the tea cups at Disney for the 5th time after having like 4 beers lol. 

Thanks everyone 💜💜💜

I'm the third person in my family to get it and none of us have seen one another since this started.. we have all been so careful. Headaches and dizzyA few weeks ago I lost my taste and smell, had dizziness, headache and fatigue.  

I then since have most of my taste and smell back.  But I am still getting dizzy at some points during the day.  As well headaches that will just go to different parts of my head randomly, I also will get a little nauseated.   Is this cause of concern ? or is it just part of the process ? Long haulers, be careful on your Vitamin IntakeJust a PSA to be careful on taking your vitamins. As desperate as we are on finding a cure, you could cause damage like me.

I’ve been haulin this long since April. Desperate to find answers and get my life back, I started taking extra vitamin D in May.
Aside from my Centrum Multivitamin 1000 IU of vitamin D, I took extra 2000 IU of vitamin D everyday to keep under 4000 IU daily limit. 

I stopped taking it in June cuz it was giving me these nightly fevers/chills and I recently got a blood test for general checkup to find my calcium levels were elevated, a sign of vitamin D toxicity, that’s great. Vitamin D is fat soluble so it lasts in your system a while so I’m definitely taking it easy, sticking to multivitamin.

But still a word of caution to take it easy out there on the vitamins.
On the downside I’m still having relapses so ruling that out. Someone mentioned an overactive immune system so I removed dairy and processed foods and excess carbs from my diet. No more fast foods, salad with every meal. In a week Once I’m back home, I’m switching to a full Paleo diet so will report back in a month. Hope everyone is safe Test result of test not performedI have a disgusting metallic taste in my mouth that isn't going away, along with a weak sense of smell now. I got tested at a CVS but got a result of TNP-Test not performed. This makes me so frustrated as I was anxiously awaiting results. Does anyone have experience with this? I tried to call the pharmacy where I got tested and they were no help. Tested negative twice but all symptoms point to CovidHas anyone else experienced this? I have all the tell tale symptoms. I got tested last week (7/21) the day after starting to have a low grade fever (99.5ish) and it came back negative. Got retested yesterday bc I still have an ongoing fever, plus chest tightness, sore throat, gi issues, and general fatigue, that all seems to come in waves. I was negative again, I can’t really think of anything else that goes around this time of year that would cause symptoms like this, any help would be appreciated!! Memorable one liners from my Neurologist appointment**"\[In an undermining tone\] You're too young to have been that sick"** \[Um, me being here objectively telling you about my experience is proof that I was indeed that ill;" I'm actually purposefully downplaying my symptoms.\]  

**"\[::Looking skeptically at me::\] If you were that sick, you should have gotten tested"** \[The only outpatient tests available at that point in time, mid-March, were for people 65+; I didn't qualify at all\] 

**"You should get an antibody test to confirm you had it. If your antibody test is negative then you probably didn't have it."** \[I can write a book on all of the things wrong with this. How the test isn't specific to COVID-19, isn't likely to be positive almost 5 months later, false negatives, etc. Went right over the doctors head, didn't register at all. Scary stuff.\]

&amp;#x200B;

Btw I only made this appointment to get generally looked at, I knew this person wouldn't have any answers for me. I was just trying to generally understand the visual hallucinations, why I've lost large chunks of my memory, etc. What are your thoughts on this ?I’ve been having itchy throat feeling and I’m kind of fatigued but I don’t know if it’s COVID because sometimes I feel like I’m 100% normal and then everything hits me at once so I sleep when I wake up I’m normal again 

This has been going for about 3 days.  


Any similar experience? Dexamethasone and Covid symptomsMy family members have started displaying COVID symptoms for 2 weeks. They are very likely with COVID they’ve had fever, muscle pain as if they had been beaten up and dry cough. 

My parents have medical doctor degrees and they are self diagnosing dexamethasone.  Most of them have reported feeling better but my uncle and dad have not. In fact coughing with blood is one additional symptom they are displaying. They are continuing their dexamethasone treatment but I’m worried that this is actually weakening their immune system. The other family members took it for one or two days before starting recovery. What should I do? I’m no medical professional but it looks like it isn’t getting better and online articles suggest that the drug may suppress the immune system. Is this a case of a medical doctor being prideful? Or maybe fatigue due to disease? How can I mitigate this potentially fatal mistake? Additionally they have not practiced medicine for 10+ years but they are knowledgeable and have experience. Timeline of symptomsThursday the 23rd I got the worst blinding headache at work accompanied by nausea so I went home around 2pm for medicine and a nap. I assumed it was a migraine because of the nausea.

Friday the 24th I went to work with a slight headache and made it through the day. I felt exhausted.

Saturday the 25th I sat around watching Netflix with the same headache. My back and neck started hurting and I thought it was from sitting in the recliner too long. I took Aleve and it didn’t help my head or back.

Sunday the 26th I woke up at 3am with heartburn (this happens as a side effect of one of my meds) so I took tums and Pepcid and tried to sleep. I couldn’t get comfortable. My entire body ached. I finally went downstairs around 11am for a banana and V-8 juice drink.

The rest of Sunday I stayed in bed and watched TV. I started a low grade fever in the afternoon and took Advil to help with the aches and temperature. Sunday night was rough. My fever went up to 102 at one point, heart rate was 150! I felt awful. But the fever broke and I woke up sweaty.

Monday the 27th I took Tylenol at 7:30am so I could shower and call my doctor. They got me scheduled for a virtual visit at 10am and with headache, nausea, diarrhea, body aches and high fever she said I am presumed positive. I can be tested at a facility 35 minutes away and wait 7 days for results but I asked her if it was necessary because I honestly feel too weak to drive that much today. She said no, just quarantine 14 days and treat all the symptoms, she said only Tylenol and she sent zofran Rx to my pharmacy. Call back if anything changes.

I’m exhausted. But if I don’t get worse I can handle this. The big problem is that my husband has lung damage and he’s got to stay out of my room! Haven't gotten results yet!Girl I hanged with 10 days ago came out positive on Sunday she tested friday so far I dont have any symptoms. Doctor at the clinic on base listed me as presumed positive till my results get back so far all I've had is diarrhea but I think its because I ate some chipotle after gym havent eaten there in months so probably didn't sit right ontop of my paranoia! Been checking my temp regularly and nothing still hovering at 96-97 will update when results get back probably Thursday or Friday. 'Light' case and long term issuesBack in May, I got sick.  It was, for me, a relatively minor illness at first.  Muscle pain, coughing, sneezing, sleeping for long hours.  Then the exhaustion hit.  I found that I could be active - that is, moving - for no more than a few minutes at a time, and if I didn't get a solid 15 hours of sleep I wasn't worth anything.  After that, the bar across my chest.  That was when I panicked and called a doctor, even though I wasn't having severe trouble breathing - I'm asthmatic, I know what that feels like.

The doctor told me that I was 'likely' positive for COVID, but that since the test available locally had such a high false negative rate it probably wasn't worth testing unless I needed proof that I had it - that, if it was an option for me, I should simply quarantine in place for about 30 days.  So I quarantined in place.  I used my inhaler regularly (which is unusual; they usually expire almost full, since I have asthma attacks once or twice a year), and felt better overall.

But the exhaustion stuck around, as did my sleeping issues.  Not as bad as it was then, but I've found it virtually impossible to establish and maintain a normal sleep schedule (mine is closer to 16 hours awake 10 hours asleep), and I still get exhausted after about half an hour of doing things more strenuous than walking - 5 to ten minutes if I'm bending over.

Now, I'll be the first to admit that I'm out of shape, and I am getting old (I turned 40 just before I got sick), and I have some issues (chronic pain, asthma as mentioned, and arthritis) but they're relatively minor.

Have other people had to deal with long-term issues? Mother sick with fever still waiting for test results to come backMy mother (57) came home from work this afternoon claiming to have a low grade fever of 100.5 degrees. She instantly closed herself away from the rest of our family and called to find a testing spot in our small town. Evidently when she went to our local testing location they said that she has similar symptoms but that we should have the results in the next 3-5 days to be absolutely sure. 

Now I’m just trying to be as helpful as possible without exposing myself (23) more than I already have. What steps if any should I take to help with her recovery? Also what can I expect if she is positive and this gets worse than a fever? And final question if she is positive and I have been around her does that mean  I also am positive and will eventually get sick too or should I seek testing?


Thank you to all on this subreddit. Right now is fucky for all of us and subreddits like this one make it a little easier for us to figure out just what the hell is going on. For those who couldn't smell or taste, were there some cases where you could?I have lost my smell and taste but there are some things I can still smell and taste like products with menthol, onions and ginger 

For people who experienced the same thing, how severe was the loss of taste/smell Presumed positive, but no cough?Hey everyone, I am a 20-year-old female and I have been experiencing some mild/moderate covid-19 symptoms over the past 3 days. I was just tested for covid today and I’m due to get my results in 1-3 days. Even though I’m feeling crappy and I haven’t felt this ill since I was a kid, I find it weird that I have no cough whatsoever (especially since I had childhood asthma and other breathing/sinus problems in my life). I was wondering if anyone here has tested positive without having a cough (but still felt ill)? Here’s a daily rundown of my symptoms- sorry if it’s a little TMI.

Day 1: Woke up pretty early feeling muscle pains and extreme with a really sore throat. I was unable to fall back asleep even though I only managed to get 3.5 hours of sleep that night. The sore throat was the thing that concerned me, and I considered calling sick from work, but I figured my throat was just sore because I was dehydrated or something. I drank a ton of liquids and made sure I was eating well, but nothing worked. I went to work, but I ended up leaving 3 hours into my shift because of severe fatigue, muscle aches, my sore throat, shortness of breath and queasy stomach. Normal temp. 

Day 2: Woke up again with a sore throat, and the entire day I was extremely exhausted (even though I ended up sleeping 17/24 hours this day) and had annoying dull muscle aches. I could barely walk across my bedroom without getting short of breath, but it was mild. I also developed some ear pain, which I found odd. By nighttime, I was starting to feel a little bit better so I did some cleaning around my house, but I still scheduled a covid test for the next day just to be safe. Normal temp. 

Day 3 (today): I slept another 10 hours and woke up at around 12:30pm, feeling like crap and I’ve had some pretty bad mental fog all day. I drank some coffee and I took my covid test at about 1:30pm. I figured the coffee would help me to wake up, but it didn’t at all. I’m currently laying in bed still exhausted. My sore throat is almost completely gone, but I have a gnarly migraine and nausea, eye pain, ear pain, shakes, and diarrhea. I feel somewhat short of breath even while I’m just laying here. I took my temp about an hour ago and it went from being my normal 98.3 to a 99.4, and I look/feel very flushed. I’ve been trying to reduce my body temp by sucking on some ice, but if that doesn’t work I’m going to try some Tylenol.

I’ll post updates as the days go on and I’ll share my test results when I get them, but did anyone have a covid experience that was similar to mine (with no cough)? I’m super curious to see if I could just be an odd case, or if it’s impossible for me to have covid at all? Could this be something else? Please let me know your thoughts and share your experiences if you are willing!❤️

(And sorry if this is hard to read. My mind is very foggy.) A question for other long haulersI am 34 year old previously active and healthy male. I am at day 132 now and without getting to too much detail about my progression peaked at about day 40 where I felt like I might actually die to very slowly getting better and better. Its been very cyclical though as in I always seem to relapse every few days but each relapse is about  1% less severe than the last one.

I am at the point now where my heart palpitation are extremely mild and I have had any SOB for weeks but instead just feel a bit heavy in the chest. As well my hands still fall asleep very easily but that is also slowly improving. I recently was able to start exercising about 2 and a half weeks ago and without getting a major relapse and SOB. 

My question is for those in a similar boat as me. One thing I have noticed is that knees have become very swollen and painful. Seems to a lot of fluid build up and even extends down to my feet at times. I wondering if anyone else is experiencing this?

I have stopped activity before, for example one and a half months when I had infectious mononucleosis but I have never experienced this sort of swelling before. most likely positive, waiting for resultsI had a bad fever and extreme pain everywhere, then I got a bad cough but I really didn’t pay much attention to it. I woke up one night and I can’t taste or smell anything. I completely lost it, I didn’t want to believe it. I started drinking milk, then juice, then soda, which I don’t drink anymore because I’ve been avoiding sugar because I’ve been losing weight and was strictly drinking water. I just wanted to taste something. I chugged hot sauce and vinegar. Just to try and taste something and I got nothing. I went to the ER because I was so scared. They told me I most likely have it since I lost my sense of smell and taste. Next day, I took a test and the doctor also said I’m most likely positive but I’m healthy enough to survive it. I’m only a 19 year old male and I’m legit terrified. I hate the idea of sickness and death, I mean who doesn’t? It’s scary. I can’t eat properly and I can’t enjoy the smell of outside. I can’t smell a nice air freshener and tea just feels like spicy water. Everything feels dull and I can’t relax. I live in Florida where these nut bars don’t want to wear masks and be safe. I work at a grocery store where I most likely contracted it because people come in coughing up a storm and being inconsiderate. I just want my smell and taste back. Two days ago, I was enjoying fruits and vegetables. I smelled how nice the rain was on asphalt. Now I feel like I have water in my nose and everything I ate taste like water. Please be safe you guys. This sucks. It really does. Getting worse every dayI have been so sick for so long that I thonk my body is finally wearing out. I had my first extreme fever 5 weeks ago I went to urgent care and got a chest x ray and while they were concerned with my 103 degree temperature it broke once they gave me a clinical dose of Tylenol so they sent me home. I have been fighting the same fever since and I am worried about my brain. Yesterday I was too out of it to stay awake for more than 20 minutes. I was too weak to lift my can of seltzer and every other breath was agony. Everytime I call my doctor he ups my Tylenol and calls it good. He said that my symptoms were still in the mild range. I am terrified because if I keep getting worse at some point I won't be mild anymore. So sick of this. Help?Had presumed positive in April. 3-4 weeks of feeling like shit. Mild, never got severe. Did end up with pneumonia but antibiotics cleared that up. 

I was fine for nearly 2 months!! 

As of end of June, I am back home in isolation. Same symptoms as previously. Terrible body aches, mild fever, exhaustion and fatigue, migraine, sore throat, occasional cough that will bring chest pain. No consistent chest pain or shortness of breath. Again, all mild symptoms but I feel like absolute garbage. 

Negative test. Spoke to doc - doc wanted a second test. Negative again. 

Is this happening to anyone else? Consistent negative test results but symptoms that mimic COVID? It’s been nearly another 4 weeks and I am just so drained. 

No real major medical history. 30s female. Healthy weight but not a healthy diet. I do have a history of chronic fatigue syndrome diagnosis 15+ yrs ago. 

I’m just... struggling. I have spoken to so many doctors. No one can tell me what’s going on. No one will see me in person. Work won’t let me return due to symptoms. All of this is understandable — I GET the precautions everyone is taking. I’m just... at the end of my rope and so, so tired. 

TL;DR: is anyone else getting negative covid tests (2x) but experiencing symptoms that are seriously impacting day-to-day life?

Thanks for the venting and hopeful answers to my question. :) (33/M) Tracking my symptoms...I am a 33yo male from Canada. I was last tested in May which came back negative. History of lung fibrosis which has mostly healed. Phnumonia in childhood exacerbated by the lung fibrosis. History of smoking cannabis, but I recently stopped. I don't drink, don't smoke cigarettes. 

I am being tested tomorrow (Mon July 27) at noon and expect results within 24 hours. Symptoms started Friday July 24th.

Day 1: slept for 7 hours, felt slightly fatigued all day as if I didn't have a good sleep. 

Day 2: slept for 8 hours, fatigued, napped in the afternoon which is unusual for me. Headache started to develop throughout the day and worsening towards the evening. Headache was to the sides and front, with aching behind the eyes. My eyes felt strained most of the day. Ibuprofen helped the headache but not the eye/behind the eye pain. Overall slight body aches.

&lt;&lt;called our health line and was told I may have COVID, booked a test&gt;&gt;

Day 3: slept for 10 hours, fatigued, headache is gone, eye pain is minimal. Mild body aches continue. Developed soreness in nasal passages above the throat. Felt like there was something extra going on with my lungs where I can't take a deep deep breath. It comes and goes. No fever. Overall I mainly just feel tired along with these other mild symptoms.

Currently: Nothing overly concerning. Will update in the coming days. I am still waiting on test results 11 days laterSo I am not even sure i have covid, although my doctor has said twice she thinks it likely i do have it.  I started by having a fever on a 7/13.   On 7/15 i went for testing.  I tested positive for strep that day , and was started on antibiotics. Since then i have developed leg pain, pain in my feet and hands, a feeling like i have a golf ball at the base of my throat(now gone) headaches and fatigue. Work (in hospital registration) wants me to come back saying it’s been ten days since symptoms began and i should be over it, but i am still having fever of 100-101.9. I’m miserable, between the illness, not knowing if it is covid, and work stressing me out.  I just wish i had definitive answers. Anyone lose sense of smell and tested negative?I'm going to get tested in 2 hours. I had typical cold symptoms starting 7/22 and spent most of the afternoon of 7/22 and all of 7/23 in bed sleeping. On 7/24, I had my typical energy back but still dealing with congestion. On 7/25, I lost my sense of smell. Today (7/26) I am getting tested, but results are taking over a week to come back in my area. 

Is the loss of smell a pretty definite covid sign? Has anyone lost their sense of smell yet tested negative? Horrible muscle pain as chief symptom?So I have been quarantining for five-six days now, called out of work, etc. Still waiting for test results (9 days and counting).   


My first and foremost symptom is this horrible muscle ache and pain I get, especially around my joints, whenever I perform any extraneous activity. It's like what you feel after a good work out without having the good workout.  


I'm 26 years old. A couple weeks back I started skateboarding again because I needed something to do to feel active that I could do alone without going to the gym. I spent about two weeks skating every day, just trying to get the basics back (ollie, 180, shove, kick, etc.) and was really feeling some progression. Come monday I was skating to work, and my knees buckled as I approached the first hill. I couldn't skate at all. I have been dealing with this pain ever since.   


I tried just now to go out and land a few ollies and frontside 180s after five days of no skating, and I couldn't last five minutes. I'm in horrible pain again. Immediately. Is anyone else having this issue? At this point I'm almost more worried that it's not COVID and that I developed something more sinister to my long term health.   


Any athletes/skaters that are having similar issues? Besides this pain, which I can feel in any muscle I've exerted, I am only experiencing a mild sore throat. I don't really know what to make of it. When Your Oxygen Levels Drop, Do You Feel Any Different?I am having a video appointment with my cardiologist soon, and I want to tell him about what I call some form of silent hypoxia that I might have.  But before I start diagnosing myself and losing his respect, I want to know if I really have something different than the average longhauler.

I feel exactly the same whether my levels are at 99 or 80.  I don't feel out of breath or dizzy.  I don't wake up at night gasping.  I sleep right through the drops.  I would never know it was happening without a pulse oximeter.  What about for you? I feel like I'm having kidney problems due to covid and hypoxiaIt's hard to breathe and my kidneys are in severe pain for some reason Shocked/amazed: a medication worked for me!I’ve been struggling with relapses and had two in quick succession. My dr prescribed prednisone to take next time, and I guess my expectations are low at this point - I’ve tried so many different supplements, regimens etc with limited success - I assumed it wouldn’t work. 

I had another relapse today - extreme fatigue, faster than usual heart rate standing up, joint pain - and popped a pill. Lo and behold, I feel better 4 hours later. Am in SHOCK! I can’t believe it worked! Maybe it will work next time too! I don’t want to get too excited...but I’m very excited! Feels like a sinus infection?I had prolonged, direct exposure to a family member that tested positive (and another one that is currently waiting on results, presumed positive). If what i am experiencing is covid, then my symptoms first appeared on Monday (10 days after my first exposure to positive family member, but i spent all of last week with her so could have gotten it anytime last week).

I have no fever, no body aches, no chills, no SOB, no GI symptoms, no fatigue. The only symptoms I feel are like a sinus infection, which I get a couple of times a year. Burning dry sinuses, small amount of drainage, scratchy throat. All of this started up high in my nasal cavities and has slowly moved down to my upper chest, which is when I developed a mild cough. This feels exactly like my normal sinus infection.

Of course I am staying hydrated and isolated at home. Did anyone else have mild symptoms like this and not even have body aches??? I don't really feel sick at all...just allergy and sinuses. I keep waiting on the ball to drop and to become deathly ill 😅 Need speculation at this point.So i'm really at a loss right now.

week 14 long hauler.  My case was completely nuero.  First couple weeks felt poisoned.  Very afraid and honestly pretty bad expereince.  But looking back it was not even as close to as bad as weeks 3 to 6 or maybe 8.  I got brain swelling, emotional issues, loss of limb function, nerve pain etc.

Then felt "ok" comparatively.  still felt bad, lots of nuero stuff but really felt like i was getting better.  had 2 days a week where I would crash but most of the time felt ok even with bad issues lingering.

Then week 13 mom dad got runny nose.  then I got runny nose.  I did have runny nose one day in week 1, first symptom, outside of stroke symptoms.

Then it hit me.  Now I have what feels like "classic" covid.  flu symptoms, muslce aches, sore throat, nose, maybe fluid in chest, SOB but not nuero SOB, it's different.

My parents are both high risk but seem to be fine so far, it's been almost a week for my mom.  I know it can change but she doesn't even have runny nose now.

I feel poisened again like I did week 1 with like 10 or 20 new symptoms.  I guess this could be a relapse?  I've had a bunch of relapses but never felt poisened or sick sick again.

So did I get reinfected?  What do you think?  I feel back to week 1. People in my long hauler group seem to think its reinfection and I do too, but people on slack which has like thousands of members seem to think it isn't super uncommon to have a "reinfection or restart" relapse at week 14.  The thing that confuses me is that wee all had runny nose, and that I have I kid you not easily 10+ maybe close to 20 new symptoms in the last several days.  It feels like an entirely fresh illness, but I guess that's possible? I tested negative but I still feel like I was positive...I want to juggle and go back to work...It makes me feel insanely tired and I even feel like death but should I still do light cardio? Singular Monteuklast UsersMy husband is waiting on the results of of his test. He’s been sick for four days now with fever headache etc. We are in a hot spot.  I was away for the first day of his onset. I have been home for the last two days. So far, I’m still ok.

I take singular when my allergies are bad. I started taking it when I got home because I read it being used to combat the cytokine storm of covid.  I have given my husband one a day too. He is improving. 

Anyone have experience with monteuklast/singular with COVID? Trying to see if I’m just wasting time trying to prevent this or of others have had any luck with it. Thanks for sharing your experiences. Brain issues after week 17?I got sick in March, male, age 30. Since then I experienced a scary array of symptoms. I had xray and cardiologist saying my organs are fine. Most of these symptoms have disappeared by now (thank god), I no longer have SOB, tightness in chest, fever, loss of smell/taste, tingling in legs and arms, and a few other symptoms. What i still have is brain fog, fatigue, tinnitus, headaches, head pressure which feels like sinus infection, ear pressure, pain behind eyes, dizziness, stiff neck and blurred vision. All of these symptoms comes and goes with exception of the tinnitus. Should I be worried? My doctor wants to see me again next week but I don't know if that's fast enough. I'm afraid I might have/had meningitis but I can't know for sure. Also I don't know what kind of help I can expect. It seems no one knows what to do at this point, other than rest, eat healthy and careful with overextenting the body. Should I get a MRI or CT scan? I have read multiple posts here from people experience similar brain symptoms, getting scans which showed normal results. Maybe this is just the cause of the virus, and what I experience now will disappear? I feel lost atm. Being sick is the new "normal" for me.. I am pretty sure I have COVIDWhile I only have the exhaustion and the diarrhea I am getting nervous about having the virus.  Haven’t had the shits like this in as long as I can remember.  And I slept two nights ago, all day yesterday (with the exception of waiting in line for 3 hours for a COVID test), all then all night last night until 10:00 am this morning.  They say that there will be a test result emailed to me within the next few days.  I am getting really fucking nervous. Got tested today for mild symptomsThroat dryness and a bit of sore throat and very little dry cough for the last couple of days prompted me to go get a test.

Today after the test I had a headache and pressure in my sinus and back of the eyes and feels like I have sinus infection but not nasal congestion if that makes sense. 

No dry cough today and no fever or any other symptoms. Hoping that it comes back negative since I live with my mom and grandma in an apartment and am currently isolating myself in my room. How common is cold sensitivity?Long ternera since April and it was particularly bad this week so I got the full test. Still waiting for that &amp; a blood test from my primary care.

One issue I’ve constantly had, I’m freezing in a house that’s just a little cold. My parents feel fine but it’s unbearable for me and it causes me to have chills when I get a relapse. Anyone else develop a strong sensitivity to cold even months after infection? Is it safe as a long termer to get a hepititis b vaccine?My job needs me to get my third dose. But im not really a doctor to know if my body is ready for when since ive never had a virus fuck me up for this long. 4+ months now of symptoms that have gotten better with time. Prior to this i was super healthy and had no issues or immunodeficiencies. Im just not sure if my body can take a vaccine properly given how ive been feeling these last couple months. Ima call a nurse hotline to ask them this question but was wondering if anyone on here knows if its safe or not. Return of the headAcheThe headache is back. I am believed to have had covid back in April. April and most ofMay I had these horrible headaches i can only explain as burning all over my head. They stopped the end of May and June and now its back. 

Anyone else experiencing  headaches? Nothing seems to help them. Potential false negative?Background:

2 year old came home with a cold last Thursday. Slight fever reduced with Tylenol and runny nose and cough. Resolved in about 24 hours right around the time we got notice that a sibling of a child he attends daycare with tested positive.

Husband and I started experiencing cold symptoms Friday night. I had nasal drip, coughing, and some fatigue. Hot/cold at night and a headache over the weekend. Tuesday lost most sense of smell and all sense of taste. Tested Wednesday AM but then got negative results last night.

Today I feel worse - headache and nausea, but also a toothache that developed yesterday. Still no fever but definitely tired and still experiencing congestion. 

Is it possible I tested too early? It would have been Day 6 if symptoms. Indigestion/Acid Reflux or Anxiety or COVIDI started feeling a pressure in my chest a couple of days ago. I feel a very slight weakness in my throat and a very occasional cough. I've had moments where the symptoms get worse and sometimes I feel just fine.

I don't know that I have true shortness of breath, but I'm definitely paying a lot more attention to my breathing. I also don't have a fever.

I'm an avid runner, but took the last two weeks off because work got crazy. As such, I've been eating terribly and drinking soda, which I don't normally do. So I don't know whether this is just a bad case of acid reflux/anxiety or truly COVID.

But I've just been so riddled with anxiety since my chest first started feeling funny. Last night I typed up information about my bank/retirement accounts and life insurance for my partner and other beneficiaries. I'm getting a molecular COVID test today to see if I have COVID to put my mind at ease, but I'm pretty sure I have it. 

I just don't know what to do now. I'm trying to isolate from my partner in our house, but I know that will be difficult. I'm so frustrated because I had been quarantining so well between March - June. But then work required me to travel the last few weeks. I wore a mask everywhere I went and limited my interactions to just going between work (a laboratory) and my hotel during travel.

We'll see how my result goes. I should know in 5-12 days.

Edit: Not a DNA test. I meant Molecular Test which is typically RNA for viruses. I am fairly certain that I have COVID-19 and I am just terrifiedSo, a friend of mine that I saw in person on Tuesday of last week texted me last Friday saying that he's been feeling feverish / achey.  This immediately concerned me because I had been around him for about an hour inside of his home a few days before he started showing symptoms.  Fast forward to Sunday, I woke up feeling feverish / achey.  Woke up Monday, gone.  Monday night I stupidly had a really strong cup of coffee at 11PM and was up until 5-6AM and got about 2 hours sleep.  On Tuesday morning the low-grade fever / body aches resumed and I've had them ever since.  So, today is technically day 6 of being sick for me.  I have a low-grade fever (99.8F), body aches (which have actually gotten better in the last 2-3 days), sometimes headaches, and, last night, I felt some stomach discomfort.  Also, I've been experiencing congestion / runny nose / what feels like postnasal drip.  All in all, I still have my appetite and I've been taking Motrin which *completely* gets rid of all symptoms.  Once the Motrin wears off I start feeling feverish / achey again.  I might be imagining it, but I do feel like I have had a few stabbing pains in my lungs a handful of times in the last few days (lower lung usually) but nothing too crazy at all.

So, my friend texted me today saying that he's been feeling better but still cannot smell anything.  I had *no idea* that he lost his sense of smell.  This is what urged me to get a COVID-19 test done today (of which I won't have the results for for 7 days).  Up until this point I was thinking it might be COVID-19 but probably not.

I have a 5-month old baby, a 5 year old and a loving 36 year old wife.  I am also 36 and I am in good health.

Is it bad to be suppressing my fever with Motrin?  It literally makes me feel 99% normal but when it wears off the shitty feelings return.  I am just having a really tough time reading all of these stories of other healthy 36 year old people that have just suddenly died from this virus (strokes, blood clots).

I am currently on day 6 and I know that a lot of people experience COVID-19 flare ups around days 6-10.  Nothing yet for me, but I am worried.

I don't have a cough *at all*.  I don't have a sore throat *at all*.  I don't really have any nausea.  I also don't have a really bad fever.  I just don't ever recall ever having a low-grade fever for 6 days in a row at any time in my life previous to this incident.  I am just fearful that this is going to all of a sudden flare up and I'm going to end up in a hospital bed or something.  I'm just terrified of this thing.

Any words of advice would be greatly helpful.... I know I probably have a mild case compared to some and my experience isn't anywhere near severe, but still... I am terrified. Does anyone who was sickened from January to early April -- when testing was not available -- feel like their experience with the disease is being erased?Based on clinical presentation, many of us clearly had this disease from January to early April, but there was no testing available -- at least in the United States -- and we had to accept a clinical diagnosis based on symptoms. And, of course, antibody tests only became widely available in May and June, but now we know that those are often useless if you had the disease some weeks or months before getting the antibody test. So, I'm wondering if others who are almost certain to have experienced the disease at the beginning feel like their experience has almost been erased? Family all sick from Covid, I have much different symptoms.My brother got sick first, brought it home and got all of us sick basically. We’re about three days behind him in symptoms. Both him and my parents have the usual symptoms: fever, cough, and exhaustion. 

In the past few days I’ve felt pretty much okay, day 1: I was extremely exhausted and had a headache at night. Day 2 and 3: pretty bad nausea at night and some throughout the day, still exhausted. Day 4 (Today): no nausea at all but I feel the beginnings of a cough, my chest feels like it’s somewhat burning (??) not sure how to explain it. Honestly at this point I can’t tell if it’s acid reflux or my lungs.

I’m a 20 year old female if that helps, just posting to  see if anyone has had similar symptoms and kinda what I should expect from here on out. Are lingering symptoms a sign of still being positive?I’m a 28 yo guy, pretty heathy, 5’8 145lbs. I’m also a type 1 diabetic, but have it under control. 

I’m on day 20 since I experienced my first ever symptoms of COVID. I’m presumed positive and have been isolating myself in my room.

I’ve experienced a bunch of mild symptoms including: congestion, rash, body aches, night sweats, diarrhea or IBS, and complete loss of smell and taste. 

I’ve been lucky to not have experienced any extreme/severe symptoms considering I am a diabetic. 

All of my symptoms are were mild and are now gone, except for two symptoms:

IBS/diarrhea and loss of smell and taste.

I feel the loss of smell and taste is getting slightly better. I can faintly smell things now, enough for me to be hopeful, but it’s still very faint so I can’t tell if it’s just my mind playing tricks on me.

The IBS is not severe, but I am still dealing with loose bowel movements. It used to be a lot worse, watery stool, but these days it’s getting better. I do have a lot of gas though. 

I’ve been taking some supplements everyday (zinc, ginger, vitamin d, and other herbs), also been drinking fresh green juice, tons of water, lemon and ginger tea, and lots of other herbal teas. I’ve also been using Advil, and trying to cut down on sugar/eat healthy. 

Is it likely that I am still positive? It’s been a good 2 weeks since I experienced flu like symptoms and it seems like I am getting better as the days go on. 

Thanks!! I told my doctor about my neuro symptoms and they replied “of course, that completely makes sense”I’ve been reflecting on my covid experience and I’ve come to realize that there were definitely some aspects of delirium. I also have almost no memories from that period of time. 

I had a doctors appt coming up and I couldn’t decide if I should mention it or not. I was sure that I would sound insane. When I did, my doctor didn’t bat an eye and said “of course that completely makes sense, covid affects the brain.” 

And that’s the story of the first time I received validation by a medical professional in over 4 months. Dad[56] is having spells of fever, occasional cough and a loss of apetite since the last 9 days.[removed] Can reinfection be worse for long haulers?[removed] Smell loss Hi guys, I hope your families and you walk through this. I had it in mid March, confirmed by a doctor. My rarest symptom was the loss of smell and taste, almost four months later I feel recovered but my smell still coming and go, I can smell strong odors and food still not tasting so much. Is anybody dealing with the same? Going to explain my current symptoms/experience. Waiting my test results. What are the chances I will be positive?For starters: two members of my fiancé’s family have confirmed tested positive. Both seem to be doing fine at this point, but she has certainly been exposed. My fiancé has lost her sense of taste, had some typical cold symptoms and had some trouble breathing one day but is fine now and seems to be doing perfectly fine except she still can’t taste. She’s currently awaiting her test results also.

I’m 24 y/o male, 5’8” 140ish exercise a lot pretty healthy overall. So when I hear my fiancé’s family has been hit and she’s been exposed I’m obviously concerned. I was feeling fine on Monday but still quarantined myself. Went for a run Monday night and felt great while running. Came back, showered and when I got out of the shower I started getting shivers and I could feel my body warming up. By the time I went to bed I knew I had a fever but didn’t have a thermometer at the time.

I got very little sleep Monday night. I was freezing trying to fall asleep and woke up feeling like I was in a furnace. I was able to get an appointment with a doctor and I got tested Tuesday morning. It’ll be 4-5 days until I get my results. Tuesday was mostly brutal. I had a fever in the 102-103 range all day. An awful headache and body ache but no other symptoms. I was just drained all day long, I couldn’t even have the energy to focus on watching a tv show or movie. At this point I’m convinced I have covid. I took Tylenol throughout the day and some NyQuil at night to get a good night of sleep.

Woke up Wednesday and felt much better. Fever was gone and most of the body aches were also. I could tell I had some congestion, I would force myself to cough some and I’d have some mucus or whatever come up when coughing. But still felt a million times better Wednesday even though I still didn’t have much of an appetite. I still was very fatigued and had no energy, taking a shower was a workout itself. I was sick on my stomach just a little bit yesterday also. Didn’t take any medicine all day except some NyQuil again at night.

Woke up today on Thursday and feel like a new man. Appetite back, don’t feel like I have any congestion anymore, still no fever, headache, body aches, etc. My energy seems to be restoring itself too. 

On Tuesday I was convinced I had covid, as that was the most wicked fever I can ever remember myself having and the body aches were horrific. I’ve never felt so sick and recovered from anything so quickly in just 48 hours ESPECIALLY with no antibiotics or anything. I of course know covid can be so wicked because you will think you’re finally recovering then get smacked again so I’m not letting my guard down. But what are the chances my test will come back positive based off these symptoms? I tested negative in my test but I still think I'm positive...there's no way I'm not.Hard of breathing main one
One coughing 
I couldn't eat for like 5 days i threw up what I did
Confusion

It's been two weeks and the only symptoms are constant nausea a cough and confusion and short of breath under ANY sort of exercise like low intensity.

Like there's no way I'm negative. Also they said they had issues with lab and gave me results late. Not sure if glade negative or stomach bug[deleted] Not sure if false negative or stomach bugI recently got tested but the test came negative, the doctors however are treating this as if It was a false negative to be safe though. I’m not sure if this is a simple stomach bug or COVID, I show signs for both such as diarrhea, abdominal pain, vomiting whenever I eat anything, nausea, occasional muscle pain, and a low grade to sometimes high grade fever. I’m an 18 y/o male with type-1 diabetes and I’m not sure whether this is COVID or just a stomach bug, any input would be much appreciated. Roommate and I both tested negative despite symptom very specific to the virus starting at the same time. Confident they are false negatives.[deleted] Roommate and I both tested negative but are confident they are false negatives[deleted] Day 20: Feeling much better, no flu symptoms since 2 weeks ago, only remaining symptom is loss of smell and taste. What’s the likelihood I still have Covid/am contagious?[deleted] Potential Cure for Some Long Haulers w/ Post-Viral Fatigue or Chronic Fatigue Syndrome**TL;DR:** Gently massage your scalp, the back of your head and your neck to facilitate lymphatic drainage from your brain stem. Read the rest of the post to supplement with a regiment of supporting practices for full recovery. That's it!

**Related Research Article:** [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7320866/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7320866/)

**Post Contents:** First I'll detail the technique, and supporting practices so you can get started then present my story. Due to the low-cost and low-risk nature of this technique, I believe it will be helpful to disseminate this information. Even if it does not help everyone, it will undoubtedly help some long term patients like myself tremendously and save them precious time, money, worry, and life.

**Technique**

Main technique is to massage your scalp with both hands in a circular motion, starting from the front, moving towards the back, and down your neck. Do this when you wake up, in the middle of the day around lunch, in the evening around dinner, and before you go to bed. Also do it if you suffer from insomnia and wake up in the middle of the night. 5 minutes will be enough for most cases. Be gentle and pay attention to your sensations! Do not continue if you feel any pain or a headache. The idea is not to "force" anything, but create small pressure changes in the tiny space between your scalp and your skull that will in turn facilitate lymphatic drainage from your brain.

**Supporting Practices**

Above technique was what created a breakthrough for me and most of my symptoms subsided within 2 days and never returned. For more advanced cases, recovery may take longer but you should be feeling an improvement within the first week. I also practiced the following and I recommend setting aside 1-2 hours a day for the supporting practices to continue to nurture your recovery:

1. Dry brush your face and body to support lymphatic drainage, you can find guides online if you search for "dry brushing". For additional pressure, use a "jade roller" on your face. For facilitating lymphatic flow in the body, use a trigger point massage tool such as the "back buddy" to gently massage your whole body. These tools usually come with guides and you can find help online as well. It also helps to use a foam roller on your legs. The goal is to facilitate the movement of fluids along passages constricted due to inflammation.
2. Follow a simple beginner level yoga sequence to also facilitate lymphatic drainage and rehabilitate and vitalize muscles, the sequence should include all beginner poses, including prone, inverted, and standing positions.
3. Follow a deep conscious breathing exercise for 5-10 minutes a day to rehabilitate lungs and oxygenate the blood
4. Follow step #3 with breathing meditation to calm down the central nervous system and reduce anxiety. Start in a comfortable sitting posture where your knees are below your hips (\*avoid\* the meditation posture commonly displayed in the media where the knees are above the hips due to a lack of cushion or support), keep your attention focused on your out breath, letting your attention dissolve into the space and letting your body breathe in naturally. If you find yourself wandering in thoughts, even for a long time, don't judge, just gently bring your attention back to your out breath. Starting with 10 minutes, increase this 5 minutes at a time as you are comfortable to a 30 minute daily practice.
5. Eat healthily. Diet is personal but follow common sense. This is what helped me: Absolutely avoid processed sugar (fresh fruit is fine, juice is not) and alcohol. Eliminate or reduce caffeine, unless it helps with brain fog, in which case try green tea, or whole bean coffee instead of processed powders. Drink a glass of celery juice daily with lemon or lime to balance your PH levels. If you're not intolerant, experiment with small amounts of probiotics as you heal to support your gut bacteria cultures. Try to cook and eat at home, both to avoid risk of re-infection and also to control what goes in your food.
6. Hydrate constantly! The inflammation of your Central Nervous System is drying you out, starting from your brain outwards. Chug water. You should be peeing every hour. If not, you're not doing enough. Track water consumption if it's helpful with an app. Use high quality electrolyte powder, but don't overdo electrolytes, 2-3 packets a day should be enough.
7. Review and reduce supplements! Google "side effects" for each supplement you are taking. Eliminate anything that has potential kidney, lymph node, gastrointestinal side effects. This includes excess Vitamin-D! You don't need to keep taking 5000 IUs a day unless you live under a rock and never see the light of day. Get some sun instead and go outside, stay away from people, but close to nature and get as much sun as possible.
8. Do not exercise heavily! Your yoga practice should be enough, and you can increase intensity as you get better. If you work out hard one day, and feel sicker in the next day or even the day after: Connect the dots! You pushed yourself too hard. Rest it off and get back to a lighter load.
9. Do not stay in hot shower or bath for too long. Heat isn't the best for lymphatic drainage. What is best is to alternate between hot and cold. So when you finish your hot shower, stay under as cold water as you can for at least 30 seconds, trying to go towards 90 seconds per shower.
10. Create a supportive environment for yourself. Take responsibility for this. Shake off the victim mentality, and take gentle charge of your life. Take a break from work and go on unemployment for a while if this is an available option to you. Try not to burn bridges with your employer but tell them you will come back stronger. Don't fight the people around you but gently get them to understand your condition and avoid risky activities. Have everyone wear masks outside, wash their hands, disinfect everything that comes in the door. Ventilate your home! Your immune system is on high alert, and pathogens other than coronavirus can also keep it that way. If you cannot achieve strict compliance in your household, consider your options for a temporary change of environment. Now may be the time to call mom &amp; dad. Do not get mad at the people around you, it will not help. Similarly, turn off the news. You can't save the world, or your country, or anyone else, if you can't save yourself first. Start watching shows and documentaries that are inspirational. (Try "The Last Dance" about Michael Jordan ;))

Stop thinking "Why did this happen to me?". Stop obsessing over stories and googling everything under the sun about the coronavirus (even though that's probably how you found this :)). Instead think: "I am grateful for the opportunity to prove I am strong, self-sufficient, and able to bounce back from anything. Thank you Universe. Challenge accepted." Find that one dream you haven't achieved yet, that wonderful thing you will create and gift the world, even if it's just your smiling face feeling well and happy again for your loved ones. If you're alone, imagine what you will be able to accomplish when you shake this off and find your tribe. Do not give despair any ground. Not for a minute. When you find yourself sulking, take control of your emotions, return to your breath, follow your meditation practice. You will make it through this, be stronger, be more awake!

**My Story**

I'm including this only so you can know how bad it was for me. I know there are people in worse conditions too, but I want you to know there is light at the end of the tunnel no matter where you are on your journey. I'm in my mid 30s, very fit, with very active lifestyle, with no history of prior conditions. I got sick in March, couldn't get a test, and was sent home, living with an irresponsible roommate that was the source of infection. Second infections in the same household are much worse, because you get exposed to constant high viral load when quarantined with an infected person, whereas their body, having picked up a small viral load outside, has had time to ramp up immune response. After 3 weeks of miserable sickness, I thought I got better. I started exercising and running. In a week, I was down again and was worse than before. My symptoms would cycle between these: heart palpitations, shortness of breath, pins and needles, muscle and joint aches, constant debilitating fatigue, horrendous memory (several weeks are still just a haze), inability to concentrate, severe insomnia, headaches, lymph nodes and kidneys swollen and aching to a point where I couldn't turn my neck or lie down on my back, cloudy and smelly urine, gastrointestinal problems. Virus and antibody tests came back negative, most likely because the virus was out of my nasal or throat tissue anyway or maybe due to high false negative probability and because up to 40% of patients may not be developing antibodies (and the majority of those who do may be losing them fast: hence the need to continue to keep strict protocol and avoid re-infection). Blood tests indicated nothing wrong. Doctors were going down dead end routes into sleep apnea etc.

My symptoms would flare up, get much worse over a course of a week. And then wane down over the course of the next week. I would then maybe get another few days of "I think it's over", and it would come back again. I don't know how many times I went through this cycle, but this lasted for 4 months until I came across the research article above one night after waking up with a super high heart rate, and decided to massage my scalp. Within 15 minutes I was asleep. I slept like a baby for the first time in months. I still woke up with fatigue but it felt completely different. My head was now clear. Whatever was "stuck" in my brain, had come down.

Since then the improvement has been immense. I'm still not fully recovered in a sense that I need to pick up the pieces of a failed business, wrecked finances with 4 months of inactivity, and a weakened body. I'm still experiencing very very mild palpitations, very mild aches, and some lymph soreness, but everything is fading away at a rapid rate as the lymphatic drainage continues from brain stem downward.

Depending on the severity of your case, you may require a professional to give you lymphatic drainage massage, and repeat this therapy multiple times (as per the research article linked above), but I wouldn't be surprised if this is what is happening to most long-term patients of this disease.

Sadly, this is also probably what started months and years of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome in some of the patients historically suffering from similar conditions, but they weren't able to find the right diagnosis or help in time before their condition became chronic. Modern science discovered the brain's lymphatic drainage mechanism in 2015. In contrast Ayurveda and other wholistic Eastern medicine has long known the benefits of stimulating pressure points in the body including the scalp and the neck.

I do not know if this will help everyone. But please give it a try, and if it helps you, maybe help spread the word so it can be beneficial to more people since it's a relatively low-risk and low-cost effort to try.

I hope this helps you regain your health, and if it does, please use your regained vitality wisely, and for the benefit of all sentient beings. We need to learn to live together, be responsible, kind and helpful to each other, Life is too short to do otherwise. &lt;3

**Video Links**

For me simple motions over the entire scalp and neck were enough to start rapid recovery, but these videos show in even greater detail how to properly massage these areas:

Head: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98bJCul6QgE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98bJCul6QgE)

Face: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WL2XwLWJj8A](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WL2XwLWJj8A)

Neck: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9FP6AHj9Eo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9FP6AHj9Eo)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/hwr0w2) Anyone experience eye watering as a symptom? My left eye waters/leaks tears all day. It doesn’t itch. Same side of head I have a headache, sinus drip and earache on the same side of head. Tested Negative But I'm Confident That I Have It[deleted] I feel like I’m losing my mindI’ve had a low grade fever almost every day since June 8th. I’ve experienced a wide range of other symptoms including extreme fatigue, body aches, shortness of breath, chest pressure, headaches, tachycardia, sore throat and more that I’m sure I’m missing. 

I thought I was finally on the upswing, but in the past week things have felt like they are getting worse—I ache around the base of my lungs (per PCP there were diminished breath sounds in this area), I’m short of breath, and I’ve woken up twice in the middle of the night with my O2 level at 90%. 

Here’s where things get frustrating: I had a nasal swab done 6/12 then again on 7/2 and both were negative. We just did antibody testing that came back negative as well. Overall my labs look pretty good aside from elevated C reactive protein which indicates inflammation. My PCP still thinks it is COVID but looking at my labs I am starting to worry that we could missing something. 

Are there any long haulers in here that have never had a positive test? Or anyone presumed positive who later found out it was a misdiagnosis? 

I still agree that my symptoms are pretty consistent with COVID and I know the testing available is pretty unreliable but these multiple negative tests are still making me question everything. I don’t want to just assume I’m a long hauler just to find out we were wrong. 

Basically just SOS 😅 I'm pretty sure i have covid and I'm scared[removed] Shortness of breath while sittingAnyone else have this If I sit up for more then 45 minutes I start getting short of breath followed by slight chest pains and have to lay down to feel better. I'm still awaiting my test results but my doc said I might have covid ( low grade fever, exhaustion, fatigue, body achs racing heart rate while walking across my house) Personal Rant, I won’t give up coffee. Is it a deal breaker?It’s not that I’m a coffee addict, I just love how it tastes &amp; im one of those people who get endorphins from the morning cup.
I’m assuming a real coffee addict gets withdrawal with chills and all if they don’t drink for a day, which I never got.

But yea I cut coffee the first 2 weeks of infection to play it safe and then started on and off and I’m a long hauler since mid April. But it’s July, my birthday month &amp; im sorry but I miss coffee so much. Haven’t noticed a difference with symptoms, they’ve really been triggering whenever I had to visit my girlfriends family or when I did any kind of exercise.

I assumed coffee is harmless at this point since I read it’s anti inflammatory and helps the immune system. But I also bought a ton of Indian tea for the evenings to help relax me before sleep. Anything to worry though? Am I doing more harm than good?

I feel good and relaxed right now is all with my coffee lol. Anyone else in the same boat or do I look like a crazy nut? Lol Trouble Digesting FatsHi all, I'm a 29 year old Male presumed positive (no widespread testing in Scotland at the time). Been experiencing slooooowwwly lessening symptoms since February. 

I've had a wide range of symptoms over the past 5 months but one that has stuck with me and doesn't seem to be getting better is the trouble that eating fatty foods gives me. I can eat up to about 20g of fats a day but if I go over that I get a crushing pain in my shoulder blades and a burning, strangely depressing/depersonalising pain in my breast bone. Hard to explain the feeling really. 

I also get extremely loose stools almost to the point of diarrhoea and all the discomfort entailed there. I've been sticking to a very low fat diet since this all occurred which keeps those specific symptoms at bay. Not so for my random stabbing pains and (gradually over the weeks lessening in severity) headaches which still persist.

My bloodwork is normal except for elevated bilirubin which would be consistent with gallbladder issues so I was sent for an ultrasound by my doctor which showed a perfectly healthy liver and gallbladder.

My working theory is that Covid has done some kind of damage to my digestive system but I think I'll have to wait a while to find out exactly what. I'm going to pursue further tests this week.

Anyone else having similar issues? Anyone else have just shortness of breath as a symptom?Since Monday of last week, I have had a tight chest and shortness of breath that came on suddenly and randomly. I am a hypochondriac and thought I had lung cancer, but just chalked the shortness of breath up to anxiety ultimately. 

It got worse over the weekend, to the point my gf thought I was mad at her because I was sighing so deeply trying to catch my breath while watching a movie. 

I had a remote visit with my doctor on Monday (two days ago) and he said it sounded like Covid-19, though I’ve had no other symptoms. The only other symptom I’ve had is a slight dry cough here and there, and my side hurt for one day (which often happens when I get sick, it’s a complication from mono).

So, has anyone else had just shortness of breath and actually tested positive? If so, what was your experience like? Did you fully recover your lung capacity? I am currently awaiting test results. Symptoms come and go?I (38F) am assumed positive.  My 1 year old tested positive on Sunday and had very mild symptoms. 
I wanted to ask:

do you notice you feel like your symptoms come and go throughout the day? 

I feel most lightheaded / dizzy after eating.

Here is a list of my symptoms (got the idea from other on the subreddit)
Sunday- headache

Monday 7/20- sneezing, winded at times.

Tues 7/21- body aches, sneezing, sore throat (like nasal drainage), cold but no fever, winded at times.

Wed 7/22 light headed, chills, temperature of 99.5, winded, sore thoat, stuffy nose. Juggling between feeling fine and feeling sick. Headache, body aches. 

I was tested Sunday but still pending results.  Overweight but no underlining conditions. Some good good news for survivors[removed] Terribly sick then just better after that?I had been posting starting last Tuesday when I got real sick. It seemed to be that every other day was a bad day. Thursday was worse than Wednesday, Friday was okay. Then Saturday hit, I was sure in the afternoon I was going to need to go to the hospital. Then that evening I noticed I didn't have a headache finally. Sunday I felt amazing. Had energy to where I wanted to do yard work and clean but took it easy expecting Monday to hit hard. Yesterday again went great, and then today as well. I'm still having mild symptoms with a headache, hot and cold flashes, chest burning, brain fog and general queeziness. But overall I feel "better." I did get my results that I was negative on Sunday but when I talked to my doc yesterday they still thought I might wanna get tested again this week if symptoms continued. Wondering if Saturday for some reason being so bad was the end of "it" whatever "it" was. A week straight of exhaustion and brain fog. No other symptoms except occasional mild throat discomfort and headache.I haven't tested positive yet but I took the test 3 days ago and fully expect for it to come back positive. There's no other explanation for how I've felt.

It started a week ago just feeling really extra tired and starting to feel "off," but I thought it was just mental health issues + psyching myself out. As it got worse, I decided to get tested. I am quite confident that I have it, as does my roommate who started feeling off the same day I did, probably got it from the same source as we've spent a lot of our time together, and got tested too when I did.

I've been super tired, out of it, low energy. Extra napping. Haven't done much besides sit in bed watching Netflix and looking at my phone.

But the brain fog is my most noticeable and intense symptom. It's such a bizarre feeling. I searched around on here and found accounts of people who've felt the same way, which validated my suspicions that I likely have the virus. My head just feels super weird - I feel really out of it and kind of "woozy," everything is hazy and out of focus, I feel a weird pressure from my face, head and even my teeth and behind my eyes. Like there's a balloon inside my head pushing against my face from the inside. Eyes burning slightly sometimes, extra sensitive to light. Headache on occasion, but usually my head doesn't hurt, it just feels very strange.

No fever (although my skin has been sensitive like it feels while I have a fever), no cough, no stomach issues, only very slight throat discomfort (a lump, occasional minor soreness), no loss of taste or smell.

It's almost worse having symptoms that really only affect my head, because it's pretty scary feeling this strange. I feel like I'm on a drug, but not in a fun way. It feels like cold medicine but way more intense. And when I try to explain it to people they think I'm psyching myself out, which is understandable.

My roommate has the same brain fog but also coughing, sore throat, chest pain from going up stairs, more intense headache, etc. We have both had the weird metallic taste in our mouths.

Hoping this goes away quickly and doesn't get worse! Tested positive on July 8th, both girlfriend and her daughter both negativeWondering if I am a false positive while my partner and her daughter both tested negative (July 8th) while I tested positive. 

We all separated while home and wore masks, used separate baths etc. Partner and daughter tested negative a second time on July 18th. 

I declined to take a second test and would prefer to have the anti body test. 

Anyone else in the same boat? I thought for sure they would both get the virus after being in the same house for more than 10 days. 

How long should I wait for an antibody tests? 

Also no one showed any symptoms. [16M] I likely have covid 19. I don’t know what I did wrong.[removed] What's the first thing you're going to eat when you get your sense of taste and smell back?I lost both sense and taste around day 3 of symptoms. I took a test July 9th and still have not heard any results. I took it through CVS drive through minute clinic and I'm beginning to think they lost my test. Is anyone else still waiting for their results from them?  I am currently on day 16 of symptoms. I had some mild heart palpitations show up today, as well as slightly worse short of breath for a short time. However, I did start to get my senses of taste and smell back. I'm so excited to order some 4 star, pineapple fried from my favorite Thai restaurant.  What are you looking forward to eating? Anyone gotten tested at CVS?I got tested last week on Tuesday and they said it would take up to a week. Checked today and still no results. Did anyone else wait a super long time? A minor in my household got testing done at a pharmacy and had results back within 5 days. Tested last tuesday 7/14Haven’t been to work since then, still no results on my test. Does anybody have any experience with getting paid while being home? I’m worried I’m about to lose 2 weeks of pay Brain fog, fatigue, and a mild cough. Is this only the beginning?[deleted] Extremely fatigued with brain fog, i’m in need of some advice/support
I’ve had a very mild cough for a few days now, then yesterday I began feeling very fatigued, tired from just walking around my apartment. This morning I woke up multiple times feeling short of breath, and now I feel extremely fatigued/tired to the point where I feel like I can barely think straight and I’m not even able to play video games or read. 

I had an online appointment and they just told me to isolate and get tested (I got the earliest testing appointment which was for Friday). 

I guess I’m just wondering if this is likely just the start of my symptoms and it’s going to get worse and I’m also wondering if any of this is abnormal?

Sorry if this post reads incoherently or doesn’t make much sense, like I said my brain feels very very foggy right now and it’s hard to get out my thoughts. How much "normal life" are you comfortable resuming?Recovered folks, businesses are opening up where I am and we are allowed to return to getting hair cuts and going to the gym and other things that can be done with distance, but still no large gatherings or indoor dining.

Are you comfortable doing these things? Maybe we have antibodies that make us immune. Maybe our antibodies have worn off and our weak lungs and heart put us in the "high risk" category if we get it again. Science doesn't seem to know which of these is the real situation. Our house is split 50/50 on this one (one tested positive, one presumed positive at the same time) and I'm wondering where everyone else falls. Employer does not remove attendance points despite having doctors noteOn July 9th i went to get tested bc i had symptoms and i had a virtual doctor video visit and they recommended i get tested. So i did and they gave me a doctors note for a week. When i got tested at the urgent care they also provided a doctors note. I informed HR right away when i got tested and sent them the doctors notes and they also told me to not come back until i have my results.I also was informed it would take possibly seven days or more for my results and i let HR know also. I’m still waiting on results. So we have an attendance point system and i checked online and i see the days i’ve been off they all say unexcused absence despite having the doctors note. I emailed hr this past thursday asking about it and no response and today they called and first thing she said was “Someone before you got tested and got their results fast” she also asked if i had called Quest diagnostics and i said i check literally everyday on their online portal and no update. She advised for me to call them bc they don’t always “update “online or something. I asked about my points and that i have the doctors note and she said”yeah it’s affecting your attendance “ and once we get the results “we will go from there” i have documented everything. Is this normal? I live in texas and work at a call center also. Can they not excuse a doctors note ? i feel so upset especially after them making it seem like i’m lying or as if i’m not checking enough 25F Flight Attendant, called my doctor and waiting to get my test having a panic attackHey guys, hoping you can shed some light: I’ve been having to work during this (so flying all over the US. This week alone I was in Seattle, New York, Orlando, and Miami to name a few but all hot spots) and I’d say two to three days ago I started getting a scratchy throat. Then yesterday, I started getting a dry cough which has only gotten more consistent throughout today. The muscles around my throat feel a little sore/tight and I’ve been having a headache for a few days. 

I called my doctor who said I’m at high risk for catching it since I have almost certainly been exposed to it. He said to quarantine for 14 days/monitor. I was hoping to get tested at an urgent care to confirm or else I get in trouble for calling out from my work. 

Anyways, guys, I’m freaking myself out. I know I don’t have any preexisting conditions or live with any high risk people but I’m so scared. I’m scared I could die or I could give it to someone (like my boyfriend at our house) and kill them or I could’ve already passed it on to someone. I’m just feeling guilty and scared and I’m just looking for some insight on what to expect/when to be worried. Long hauler experiencing hair loss. Need some advice.Hi All !

A little background. I had covid in mid march. Never tested because testing wasn't available at that time in Brooklyn unless you met certain criteria. However I was presumed positive by my doctor because I had all symptoms + alot of long lasting ones. Had two more "waves" of sickness one in mid april and another in mid june. In June I thought I had been re-infected as I was feeling almost back to my normal self for a month so I got a test just to be safe and tested negative so my Dr said it is most likely another wave.  (I've posted a few times in detail if you'd like to see more you can see my post history or ask any questions)

 In the last two weeks I've noticed **alot** more hair falling out than usual and my hair is definitely thinner than usual. I don't have any bald spots it just seems to be overall thinning. I didn't even think it could be related to covid at first. I assumed it was either stress or possibly PCOS as I have a few friends that have that and have had hair thinning.  But, I came on here to check and I see this is happening to a few other long haulers. 

I have a dr appt (my first in person one since all this happened!) on wednesday to check my blood levels and make sure there are no more lasting symptoms and will have her check this out as well. 

A question to those who are experiencing this as well or know anything about it- is there anything you can do to prevent more hair from falling out? and has this slowed down for anyone? How long has it lasted for you? Kind of freaking out at the moment. 

Thank you. Covid possibly? Could just be a sinus bug. Doctor says to wait...After work Friday night I came home and felt pretty under the weather. Didn't hit me until late evening but it hit pretty fast. Felt exhausted and went to sleep.

Saturday I woke up and felt mild scratchy throat and started experiencing hot/cold flashes with mild nausea. After a couple hours of that, I actually felt pretty good. Still went to bed early and took it easy.

Sunday I felt the best I have. No real symptoms other than a headache and feeling a bit rundown.

This morning when I woke up I immediately felt congested, very subtle ear pain and mild light-headed feeling. Also a very mild runny nose. So not sure wtf is going on.

Other notes:

Called my doctor and he recommended rest for a couple of days and we will revisit then.
Took a COVID test 2 weeks ago and was negative.
No fever at all.
Pretty much had a constant headache.

Any advice or thoughts would be greatly appreciated and I wish any of you struggling with Covid that good  health finds you all soon. This shit is nuts man :( Beyond frustrated...I began showing symptoms on the 10th, tested on the 11th. They told me at the testing center I would receive a call in 3 to 10 days regardless of results. The paperwork they gave me said 3 to 5 days and they’d only call if it was positive. Results would be available online only 48 hours after results were in. 

Luckily my doctor is treating me as presumptive and my medications regimen seems to be keeping me from worsening. But my husband is isolating with me, and it would be nice to know what the actual heck is going on...so I called my local public health office. There was recording directing me to another number, which I called and waited on hold with for 20 minutes. Then someone came on the phone and told me that the testing site I went to was a FEMA site and the results doesn’t come to them. She gave me another number, which took me to a rebate center for Walmart, of all things. 

I’m so frustrated I’m literally having a meltdown today, I just want to know wth is going on! 

Texas is a shitshow, and I’m scared. The eery return of the start of symptoms 4 months laterI woke up today with terrible GI symptoms and it's an eery reminder of how this all started for me 4 months ago. Normally I'd just tell myself it's a random bug, but that familiar dry cough and chest inflammation has returned today too. I'm sweating through my clothes. I told myself that the crushing fatigue that started on Friday and lasted through the weekend must just have been due to a busy work week or the start of my period. It's all too familiar.

&amp;#x200B;

I was the first person I knew to get sick. First week of march, from work (a hospital). The first week was terrible GI symptoms with a dry cough, and then when the GI symptoms went away, that's when the severe shortness of breath started as well as the high fever. The worst of it was the neurological effects, which I would describe as perhaps even delirium. Took about 2 months to feel human again.

&amp;#x200B;

Can we get this virus twice, can it reactivate like herpes, etc.? We don't know yet. Could what I'm physically experiencing just be my body doing funky stuff? Certainly. I'm hoping that I'll wake up tomorrow feeling a bit better.

&amp;#x200B;

I think I'm just maxed out on the thought of being sick and confined to my bed for a moment longer. I'm supposed to be at work helping everyone with this virus get better, not the other way around.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: Lol 99.5F fever and 95% o2sat. Had to pull out my thermometer and pulse ox, had them packed away after not using them for so long.

Edit 2: Welp, it's something alright. Fever has lasted all day. My neck is super stuff and my lips/mouth are on fire. I'll get through the symptoms, I just want to keep everyone else in my home as safe as possible.  Lingering Chest Symptoms - Sharp Chest Pains[removed] I'm getting concerned that I may have COVIDBeginning on Saturday morning, I felt extremely fatigued (after a full night's rest), nauseous, had body aches, chills, and a headache. Those symptoms have not let up and now, I've got a sore throat as well. To add to the mix, last Wednesday, my psychiatrist doubled my dose of Lamictal; when a dose is decreased or increased, Lamictal can often produce flu-like symptoms in patients. My psychiatrist told me this last Wednesday, but is now telling me he did \*not\* say this and that I need to be tested for COVID immediately. His reaction kind of freaked me out, to be honest.

I've got a video visit set up for tomorrow morning with a doctor, and I'm assuming I'll be allowed to be tested after that.

Does anyone here think I have cause for being concerned? Also, does anyone have advice on socially distancing when you live in a home with other people? I'm trying my best not to touch things when I don't have to, because I don't want my dad to get sick. Day 11 w/ Covid - Very Exhausted[removed] Rapid test gave no results, then negative?Hi everyone - I received a rapid covid test at an urgent care on Tuesday night. They said they'd call within an hour for results, but I ended up having to call them 3 times for my results. The first two times they said the results had not been recorded (this was about 20 hours after being tested), then the last call about 24 hours after I was tested, they said "something happened" to several of the tests given on Tuesday and they gave no results of any kind, so I should call back the next day to talk to a manager.

I called when they opened the next day, and they said that now my test was reading negative. I followed up to ask for some kind of explanation, but I've heard nothing. I'm just looking for some peace of mind before I go back to work tomorrow. Has this happened to anyone else? HeadacheI’ve had symptoms since April 8th and one thing that isn’t leaving is these weird headache. I literally felt like I had pretty much recovered during June but glad I didn’t speak too soon because these headaches came back and now I have a sore throat which could genuinely be allergies or stomach issues. I’m also getting a few twitches again and a few weird palpitations. And my mood has been off. I’m just tired of this thing... can anyone relate :( Waiting a few months for antibodiesI'm curious if anyone has had a successful positive antibody test after it's been 12+ weeks since recovery.  Does it even still show in people at that point?

Back in mid March I came down with "an diagnosed respiratory infection" that was just pure evil.  I didn't get tested for Covid until end of April (negative at this point) which was a about 5 weeks later.  It was right around then I had an antibody test which was also negative.  Since then i've been tested 3 more times for Covid for procedures that were being performed but no more antibody tests.

Fast forward to today and my Dr isn't getting anywhere with why I have super high ferratin levels, inflammation, headaches, feeling like I have a fever, Serious GI pain, etc. and would like to do antibody tests again to see if they can confirm I really did have corona a few months ago.   I guess these are all common symptoms post recovery judging by this sub reddit.  We are starting to get major push back from insurance on all the tests right now. Just when you think you're better...I've been sick since the 3rd of July. Over the last few days, I finally thought I was getting back to normal. I still have pain in my lungs when I wake up in the mornings, and some SOB when I overexert myself, but that's the most of it. I was feeling so great, that I went to the lake with my family a few days ago. I just sat by the shore, and watched those that went swimming, and played a little fetch with my dog. The fresh air was so nice, and being out in the sunshine made me feel so invigorated. The next day, I was still feeling great. As long as I didn't overexert myself, I felt like I was back to normal. Then last night... I had some really intense heart burn, that wouldn't go away despite antacids. Then when bed time rolled around, it was like revenge of the lung pain. Even laying in the prone position wasn't helping, and I would fall asleep, and then wake up to the pain or gasping for air. 
This virus is just so unpredictable, because some days are by far worse than others. I'm getting so sick of it, because between the insomnia and lung pain, I haven't had a good night's sleep since this virus started. I desperately want to believe that the virus is just taking a bit longer for me, but I can't help but feel this sense of impending doom that I'm going to be a long-hauler. I caught the virus from my sister, and she was only sick for about two weeks, then I gave the virus to my spouse, and she's already feeling better. I just feel so hopeless. I've been to the doctors three times at this point. They've done scans and x-rays, and nothing comes back concerning. My oxygen saturation has always been fine, so no need to hospitalize. There's nothing the doctors can do for me, I just have to wait it out.

 I just wish this virus wouldn't toy with your mind so much... Three days ago, I'm at the lake with my family, and today I can barely get out of bed... Lupus, RA, Diabetes... Long HaulingI see very little talk about this on the news as well as on this forum and I decided I’d bring it up. All 3 titled chronic conditions are known to be caused by infection. The idea of autoimmune disorders has been brought up before as seen when searching through this forum, and ANA tests have been done and come back positive. A positive ANA could mean anything but it also happens to work as intended, a predictor for autoimmune disorders. I’m 17, male, and have been perfectly healthy since I can remember. One day I’m kicked to the curb and it continues for a month? You can check my post history, I’ve been through it, recovered perfectly, and relapsed soon after. I’m only a month in. Who knows what’s waiting in the future, but every day is different. Research needs to be done on this long haul syndrome being discussed. Covid has already been observed to have caused Type 1 Diabetes. What else could it cause? Are symptoms temporary, or permanent? I recommend every person who is experiencing these long haul symptoms get tested for antibodies for Covid as well as an ANA bloodwork and whatever else you can get your hands on. You might be able to find something interesting. Fevers are brutalI'm on day 8 and other than low grade fever the first 2 days, I've been spiking out at just over 103 everyday. It's been a cycle of Tylenol starting around 3pm as it moves up high and then taking it throughout the night until I sweat through the whole bed, and my fever comes down to just under 100 in the morning. And then the cycle repeats. Other than the fever I have an annoying dry cough, but oxygen levels are good.

Anyone else was/is in a similar situation? It's incredibly exhausting Does continued loss of smell and taste mean I still have the virus? Also hoping to hear from people who experienced loss of smell and taste.My symptoms began a little more than 2 weeks ago, I had a raging headache and an itchy rash on my arm... 

The following week I was congested for 3 days, experienced night sweats, body aches, and random fits of sneezes. Oh, and complete loss of smell and taste.

I’m a little over 2 weeks since the symptoms began, about 2 weeks of no smell or taste, what are the odds that I am still contagious? I live with my family and have been isolating myself in my room. 

The only symptom I am experiencing these days is the loss of smell and taste which has been extremely unnerving. I’m no longer congested, but do feel a bit of sinus pressure along with a slightly sharp sensation in my nose at all times. 

Does anyone know if the sinus pressure directly related to the loss of smell and taste? If so, it’s pretty scary. It feels like that slight pain is what is causing the damage to my senses and the longer I feel it the more damage it’s doing, I’m worried of being one of those who never recovers their senses which is pretty depressing.... I cook a lot so this would be devastating 😔 I cannot smell anything, I bought some essential oils, including a clove one, my family all smelled them and had an averse reaction to them, but I couldn’t smell anything. Symptoms started Friday night[deleted] Bounce back better...stronger...Two weeks in and I can kind of smell food now.  Still nauseous periodically.  I used this time of zero taste and smell to eat healthier because I can’t taste anything anyway.  Plus side is I feel healthier eating fresh fruits and steamed veggies.  Strange that eating fresh plant based diet doesnt make me as nauseous compared to eating fried or greasy foods.  Tried to eat some McDonald’s the other day because the kids have been asking for it, and I dang near threw up.  I also quit smoking two weeks ago due to covid.  Silver linings!  I’m gonna make it a point to bounce back better.  Join me friends...let’s not only beat this thing together but let’s beat the ever loving fuck out of it. Asthma is Worse, but Otherwise Recovered FullyI got sick in February when things in the west were still chaotic and testing wasn’t widely available. I was sick for about six weeks. I’m better now, but my asthma is worse than it’s ever been in my 34 years. I hope it’s just coincidence, but I can’t help but wonder. 

I’ve only ever needed my asthma steroids during spring, and even then pretty rarely. Now I keep having to go back on them, and blue rescue inhalers are a regular use item. I hope this gets better. Nausea?I’ve had terrible nausea for the last 2 days.  Day 7&amp;8 of my symptoms.   I can hardly stomach food.   Did anyone else experience this?   Fever is back up so I’m taking Tylenol and Mucinex again. Anyone else going crazy waiting for results?Tested on 7/16 and was told 2-4 days for results. They update twice a day (9 AM and 6 PM). The more time goes by I’m starting to worry it’s not Covid and something else. 

The back pain is my biggest complaint followed by chest pain and a headache. My husband also commented how I feel like I’m on fire at night when sleeping. Overall, I feel very unwell. Really bad taste and smell to food[removed] Horrible taste and smell after COVID19I was presumed positive for COVID-19 back in April where I couldn’t taste or smell anything for 3 weeks at a time. I did regain my sense of taste and smell later throughout May and suddenly my symptoms had disappeared. I was safe from this virus for 2 months all the way until 3 weeks ago where I noticed a really bad, distinguishable rotten taste and smell to food; specifically meat, chicken, and eggs. I can also smell a difference with soap and other shampoo. I’m really confused on what it could be since I was perfectly fine for 2 months until some symptoms started to reappear. I can’t really take it much longer because it is affecting certain foods I eat. I only see people losing their taste and smell but nothing like this. Test varietyAre the tests that go further up your nose more accurate? The two tests I have gotten were basically q-tips. No pain or discomfort. But it leaves me doubting their legitimacy. How long with no taste or smell?[removed] The mysterious bruising has started again. 😥Long after we realized something was very wrong I started getting these disgusting splotchy bruises on my thighs right above the knee. Left side only. They would have purplish red dots throughout and were clearly seen through the skin. 

Tonight after a headache and chest pain (presumed from Costocondritis) I noticed the bruising on my left leg started again. I almost puked and then I cried. I kept saying “it’s happening again, something is wrong. It’s happening again.”

Please just hope the bruising disappears overnight and doesn’t spread like last time? After having a stroke at only 35, I’m very worried. 

I took my Klonopin and am trying to keep it all in perspective. My husband wants me to rest tomorrow and stay in bed. Sharing symptoms seems helpful.I have found that reading everyones symptoms on here has been helpful through this stressful time. I ignored many symptoms in the beginning that make sense to me now. 
Here is what I have experienced so far:

Started with Brain Fog. Slight headache. And SOB while at work doing normal chores.  I even left stuff at the grocery store 2 times in 3 days and had to return to retrieve them.
Overall confusion. Feeling out of it. 

Neck &amp; Back pain started next. With extreme fatigue. Thought I pulled a muscle. Kept going to work. This lasted for a few days.

Headache got worse. Hurt to move my eyes, hurt to blink, with occasional shooting nerve pains up the side of my head. I felt like a migraine was coming on at any minute. Occasional Optical disturbances. Nerve ending pings in random parts of my body. Toes, Legs, &amp; arms. Hurt to touch the skin on my thighs. Like I did too many squats. 

I got my period 3 days late and it only lasted 3 days. Aunt Flo did not even want to hang out for the ‘Rona party. 

Next was a Sore throat like I ate razor blades. Extreme fatigue! No appetite. Sweet tasted sweet but no distinctive flavors. Dry coughing randomly. Called out of work &amp; slept all day.

Then an Odd Rash showed up on my chest. And a clump of hair came out in the shower that had me scared! Not your usual hair shed. Chewbacca style hair ball! 

Sore throat turned into itchy cotton mouth. Chest pressure like muscle tightness. Heart rate spiking occasionally and waking up in sweats. No documented fever to mention. Low body temperature at a few points. 95 degrees. Acid reflux feeling in stomach &amp; chest. Extreme thirst. 

This is where I currently reside. It has been 10 days or so,it is hard to keep track., and I am waiting for test results.  

Hope this is helpful to anyone looking for symptoms to compare. ❤️ I beg you don’t ignore them like I did! I could have put many people at risk continuing to work with the public. Trying to stay calm but so anxiousI’m on Day 7 and my fever and fatigue came roaring back.  Seem to be breathing fine.  Pulse ox still mid to high 90s.  I’ve posted more of my history in another thread.   But the stress and anxiety are really getting me right now.  Idk how I am holding it together.   Did anyone else have a relapse around this time?   I need some positive thoughts! What foods did you eat while your taste and smell was absent.I was tested for COVID-19 because I had a low grade fever 3 days back (now it’s normal) but this morning I woke up no smell and taste. I dint have a stuffy nose so that’s strange. I went and got tested and waiting for results. 

But I need some advice on what to eat. 

What foods did you eat when you couldn’t taste anything? Also what seasonings help? Welp I have a minor sore throa, live in a country where covid is rising. 18 years old, slightly active 175 pounds. 6'3[deleted] Back pain?Anyone else having back pain as a lingering symptom?

Mostly lower but higher in the back at times Severe depression post-covid?I was infected 45 days ago, and my symptoms were all encephalitis (except some light pneumonia 2 weeks into it) and my brain still has not recovered, I still get vertigo and headaches and I have terrible chronic fatigue, and the longer my fatigue and symptoms go on, the more depressed I get. I can't concentrate on anything long and involved like TV, movies or books (my psychiatrist recommended graphic novels and those have been alright, I can actually get through a whole one of those) and I mostly read Reddit because I'm so bored, and Reddit is so depressing and I'm getting despondent over the state of my country (USA) and what's going on with the government and covid and I'm having suicidal thoughts (I've talked to my psychiatrist about them, I'm not in danger at this time). Is covid causing horrible depression for anyone else? I tried some of my stash of anti-depressants, but they just give me more headaches and vertigo (weed does the same), so I can't take them. I just feel so helpless and hopeless, and I'm sleeping like 16 hours a day. I just feel so alone. My mother got a very mild case and only lost her sense of taste and Dad is O+ and seems immune since living with us didn't make him sick (Mom infected us by having coffee outside with her friends with no mask). I don't know anyone else other than my family who had covid, and I can't relate to anyone and I feel very alone. And because my symptoms were almost entirely neurological, people dismiss my concerns (as not real covid) even though my doctor confirmed that I have it and he has two patients with the exact same symptoms, one who got it in April and still has the same symptoms I still have, which makes me feel even more hopeless. I don't want to go through my life with permanent brain damage, I want to be able to watch a movie or read a book again, Everything I enjoy is being taken away from me. Presumed positive living with VERY high risk family membersHi everyone! Really hoping for some success stories and words of encouragement. My mom (55F) started showing symptoms this morning. She got tested this afternoon and is presumed positive. My dad (56M) is extremely high risk (uncontrolled type II diabetes (A1C 10.5), hypertension, etc.)  

I (23F) am here staying with them between leases and feel lucky to be able to be a caretaker to them as I have no current obligations as a recent grad without a job thanks to the pandemic. They live in a 2 bed/2bath home with a “bonus room”. As of this morning, I am residing in the “bonus room” on an air mattress with my dog (not letting anyone else touch her), my dad is staying in the guest room, and my mom is in the master. We all have individual bathrooms and are being vigilant about sanitizing. 

Is there anything else we can do? My dads underlying conditions put him greatly at risk of succumbing to the virus if he contracts it, so we are looking to be as proactive as possible. 

Thanks so much :) Am I just worrying too much ??How high Is my risk?

 Well I stay in Cali(NorCal) I’m 17 with no real major health issues however not much concerned about myself more so my family  

I had a friend visit me right after my sisters friend visited her they are both from states with not as high cases as California has
We’ve both kept a mask on as much as we humanly can (have to eat drink and something get a break from the mask but it doesn’t last long)  anyway just for safety we checked his temperature his is 96.0 and mine was atleast 98.9 

I stay in the mountains and it was very very cold last night I woke up with some cold in my chest and a very sore throat but I drunk  some tea with some vitamin c took my  multi vites however 

Ive been wearing a mask for 12-14 hrs (friend is still here ) and ive taken it off and now my throat hurts and It feels like I’m adjusting to my own face and breathing again like it’s super dry and sore and feels full 

Is this just a sign of wearing the mask too long ? Or did I possibly get exposed either through him or just going out 

Not to mention I was presumed positive back in March and that lasted 12 days 

March symptoms were  bad headache runny nose couldn’t eat anything at all sneeze cough chest pressure and a tight throat shooting hot pains through my arm and leg fatigue and a high fever along with watery eyes

Keep in mind I have active allergies I get a sneeze or two each day without fail , and I can always tell when it’s just allergy /anxiety symptoms when I don’t worry about anything my body is giving me it goes away which makes me believe it’s just anxiety mixed with allergies However my sisters friend stayed in our house and he also visited LA  days before he saw my sister I’m not worried abt my friend he took precautions and I made him take a evidential  proof of it however my sisters friend I’m not worried abt just added info Sick again (relapse?) for past 21 days. No antibodies, no test results, no answers.36 f, 140 lb, no history of asthma. Low thyroid. Not active. 
Before this i hadnt had bronchitis since i was 10 years old. I never get chest pain when im sick. 


March 31st to may 6th i was sick with chest pain,  shortness of breath, dry cough, some deep muscle aches in the middle. I got pleurisy.  Riding an exercise bike for 5 min gave me bronchospasms.  Horrible fatigue (thats what lasted the longest)   No tests were available. 

Then it lifted. 

I got an antibody test. Negative.  Doctor says i definitely didnt have it.  I find it very odd to develop respiratory issues for the first time at the age of 36 in March of 2020. Not impossible though 

June 26th i did a lot of talking for my job and the chest pain started. Then fine. June 28th chest pain back with deep cough that an albuterol inhaler would not relieve.  June 30th doctor does a throat swab for covid.  (Did incorrectly and i got results of an error). Then muscle aches started again. Mild fever for a few days.  Then mostly fine for 2 days. BAM. back to being miserable and so fatigued i have to lean on the sink to brush my teeth. Showering hurts because everything hurts.  My arms hurt like i got shots in them earlier. Tylenol didnt help.  Went to urgent care july 14th for a test and had a 101 fever.  She gives me benzoatate, another albuterol inhaler and singulair.  

Muscle pain started to let up last night but the sharp chest pains have returned. 


Ive had 3 tests in the last 18 days and no results. First test was sent in incorrectly. Second was from cvs and im on day 12 with no results. Even checking Quest website. I went to urgent care on Tuesday with a 101 fever and the deep nasal swab but no results yet. Im not mad about that im just feeling hopeless.  Im still sick. 

If i dont have covid theres still something definitely wrong. This time feels a lot like the first time Im on day 21 of being sick. Last time it was 40 days. Its affecting a small business i just started that was beginning to flourish.   Dont know what i need. Maybe just support. Anybody get pressure/pain around your temples or top of the head after exercising too hard?Every so often, if I walk uphill and too fast, I start to feel my upper chest and throat “tighten” and I feel a pressure or pain that travels up my neck to my temples. And to the top of my head. It feels like possibly oxygen isn’t getting delivered fast enough. I have to sit down to rest so I can let it catch up with me. 

I have been recovering from long haul stuff since February. And I’ve been feeling great the last couple weeks, but I feel this at times and sometimes it’s concerning, but I also want to know if anybody else feels it. 

Thank you friends I'm literally going crazy would love someone to step in and let me know it's not just me. This is my story.Background info: I grew up in government run facilities so I was inside most of my life which may explain why when I signed myself out of social services care at the age of 18 I developed severe allergies to almost everything. It was manageable till about a few years ago when I couldn't deal with the constant nose clogging at night and the urge to take dayquil almost daily. I saw an ENT who said I have very clogged sinuses and scheduled a surgery (sinuplasty and turbinate reduction) to help me breath also to start allergy shots. After the surgery I could finally breath again and the allergy shots coupled with 2 nasal sprays twice a day and an allergy pill daily seemed to help lots. I'd still get congested but at least I could always breathe through my nose. My family was used to me always complaining of sinus infections though, this is important for later in the story.


Fast forward to about two weeks ago. I go and visit my son who lives in the same state and we play with a kite at the park. I take him home then I head home. That night I'm super congested and I don't feel right in like omg what's going on I feel like I'm coming down with something I also feel hot so take my temp, it's normal, so I discount it and think it must be allergies from being outside in the park. I go to bed. Next day I wake up feeling just a little congested but better then the night before. But, that night the same congestion comes back and remains for the next few days. With coronavirus going around I keep taking my temp but all is normal. Oh great another sinus infection I think to myself, guess the surgery didn't do jack. Everyone around me is freaking thinking I have corona I keep saying no it's just allergies but decide to self quarantine anyway. I tell myself if I'm not better in a few days I'll go to the doctor. At day 4 of congestion I get a almost 24/7 barrage of phlegm in my throat just to where everytime I swallowed or cleared my throat it immediately came back. I spit it out to look at it filling almost a half a water bottle of if (Sorry if TMI). It was clear. Clear but thick, ok, I thought clear means no infection and I have no temp so no coronavirus so I go to the doctor the next day at day 5 of symptoms. It's a walk on, he asks my symptoms I tell him sinus congestion, and a little tightness in my chest and constant post nasal drip. He says deff sounds like a sinus infection. I ask for a script to get tested for coronavirus just in case he says, "I don't think it's coronavirus because your symptoms don't match but I'll give you a script anyway if it makes you feel better". I take the script to get tested along with a script for antibiotics and steroids to help clear the phlegm he said. I get home still congested take my temp again still normal check my phlegm still clear and think ok maybe it is a sinus infection. I got to bed. 4 days later on antibiotics and steroids and still no better I start thinking I need to get tested so set up to get tested the next day which will be day 10 of my symptoms also by this time my chest is noticably tighter and I feel SOB faster then normal like when I exercise. So I get tested and go home. That night my chest starts hurting randomly and mildly. But considering it's day 10 of symptoms I think, no way it's coronavirus because I'm on day 10 why would my chest start hurting now? I think I slept wrong and forget it. But the next two days it still hurts. So yesterday I go to the ER and they test for everything, say everything is normal and maybe it's a symptom of covid-19 or my sinus infection but not to worry unless it gets worse and no way to tell till my test results come in. Also I'm still yet to shake this post nasal drip. I'm on day 13 and woke up with a headache still have post nasal drip but chest tightness feels a lil better and barely any chest pains. I'm just so confused I never lost my taste or smell, never ran a fever, and only cough here and there. I think the most concerning is the chest pain symptom showing up to the party so late. Idk what to think now so I'm just sitting here in self isolation, waiting on test results, Wondering if anyone else in this world is having the exact same thing going on as me. I'm literally going crazy would love someone to step in and let me know it's not just me. This is my story.Background info: I grew up in government run facilities so I was inside most of my life which may explain why when I signed myself out of social services care at the age of 18 I developed severe allergies to almost everything. It was manageable till about a few years ago when I couldn't deal with the constant nose clogging at night and the urge to take dayquil almost daily. I saw an ENT who said I have very clogged sinuses and scheduled a surgery (sinuplasty and turbinate reduction) to help me breath also to start allergy shots. After the surgery I could finally breath again and the allergy shots coupled with 2 nasal sprays twice a day and an allergy pill daily seemed to help lots. I'd still get congested but at least I could always breathe through my nose. My family was used to me always complaining of sinus infections though, this is important for later in the story.


Fast forward to about two weeks ago. I go and visit my son who lives in the same state and we play with a kite at the park. I take him home then I head home. That night I'm super congested and I don't feel right in like omg what's going on I feel like I'm coming down with something I also feel hot so take my temp, it's normal, so I discount it and think it must be allergies from being outside in the park. I go to bed. Next day I wake up feeling just a little congested but better then the night before. But, that night the same congestion comes back and remains for the next few days. With coronavirus going around I keep taking my temp but all is normal. Oh great another sinus infection I think to myself, guess the surgery didn't do jack. Everyone around me is freaking thinking I have corona I keep saying no it's just allergies but decide to self quarantine anyway. I tell myself if I'm not better in a few days I'll go to the doctor. At day 4 of congestion I get a almost 24/7 barrage of phlegm in my throat just to where everytime I swallowed or cleared my throat it immediately came back. I spit it out to look at it filling almost a half a water bottle of if (Sorry if TMI). It was clear. Clear but thick, ok, I thought clear means no infection and I have no temp so no coronavirus so I go to the doctor the next day at day 5 of symptoms. It's a walk on, he asks my symptoms I tell him sinus congestion, and a little tightness in my chest and constant post nasal drip. He says deff sounds like a sinus infection. I ask for a script to get tested for coronavirus just in case he says, "I don't think it's coronavirus because your symptoms don't match but I'll give you a script anyway if it makes you feel better". I take the script to get tested along with a script for antibiotics and steroids to help clear the phlegm he said. I get home still congested take my temp again still normal check my phlegm still clear and think ok maybe it is a sinus infection. I got to bed. 4 days later on antibiotics and steroids and still no better I start thinking I need to get tested so set up to get tested the next day which will be day 10 of my symptoms also by this time my chest is noticably tighter and I feel SOB faster then normal like when I exercise. So I get tested and go home. That night my chest starts hurting randomly and mildly. But considering it's day 10 of symptoms I think, no way it's coronavirus because I'm on day 10 why would my chest start hurting now? I think I slept wrong and forget it. But the next two days it still hurts. So yesterday I go to the ER and they test for everything, say everything is normal and maybe it's a symptom of covid-19 or my sinus infection but not to worry unless it gets worse and no way to tell till my test results come in. Also I'm still yet to shake this post nasal drip. I'm on day 13 and woke up with a headache still have post nasal drip but chest tightness feels a lil better and barely any chest pains. I'm just so confused I never lost my taste or smell, never ran a fever, and only cough here and there. I think the most concerning is the chest pain symptom showing up to the party so late. Idk what to think now so I'm just sitting here in self isolation, waiting on test results, Wondering if anyone else in this world is having the exact same thing going on as me. New smell is grossI got my first symptoms of COVID on March 23rd. Two days later, zero smell or taste. Only way I could “taste” my food was if I dumped hot sauce and vinegar on it. 

Two weeks later when I finished my quarantine, my smell had slowly improved so I could sort of smell peppermint oil if I put it directly under my nose. 

Almost four months later, I can generally smell (and name correctly) things if it’s right under my nose. But I wouldn’t notice if the trash bin was smelling up the kitchen, that sort of thing was too subtle. And generally speaking, all smells are missing components to them. Basil doesn’t smell as nice as it used to. My rose perfume feels shallow somehow, not full bodied. 

Fast forward to 10 days ago, I had horrible allergies and couldn’t stop sneezing all day. Took some medicine to help control the sneezing and runny nose. The next day, my nose was back to manageable, but I noticed my smell had gotten worse. 

What’s WEIRD is that now I have one scent that comes up with all things “savory”, and it’s really unpleasant. It doesn’t resemble a smell that I experienced before COVID, so I have trouble describing it. But it’s like if someone took walnuts, roasted them and mashed them with blue cheese, and roasted it all together. It’s pungent, strong, gross. It’s improved a little bit over the past week, but walking into Starbucks today, all I could smell was this “smell”. Garlic also triggers it very strongly. This is maybe TMI but even my poop smells like it. So you can imagine how much this affects my appetite. 

My best guess is that my nasal epithelial cells got disrupted from my incessant sneezing and nose blowing, and regressed. But what I don’t understand is this new scent I smell everywhere. 

Anyone have similar experiences? And any advice on how to attempt treating this? Secondary infections post covidTo make a long fuckin story short, make sure y’all are getting adequate rest and fluids if you suspect you have the virus. 

I’m 28F, in shape, rarely get sick and last Thursday I was tested after having a few days of fatigue, sore throat, sneezing, loss of appetite. runny nose and finally body aches. Never did get the results. They said it’s probably covid, gave me antibiotics because apparently it’s been shown to be beneficial in covid patients and I started to feel better almost right away with just some fatigue for a few more days. 

Fast forward to two nights ago I started sneezing my ass off, runny nose. Thought it was allergies or a sensitivity to the fragrance of a household cleaner because I had just mopped my floors. Took three different meds and went to sleep. Woke up, same runny nose all day. This continued overnight and I started to feel more and more like shit. Went to doctor this morning and as I was telling her the timeline of events she kept shaking her head yes like she’d seen this a million times. 

She said that she’s had a ton of people come in with secondary infections due to covid. I have a bilateral ear infection and the early stages of bronchitis that we’re treating now and I feel worse than I did when I actively had covid. 

I have a long weekend to rest and recover thankfully but damn. If y’all feel like you have this, just be aware that you may develop something else right after. It’s not allergies or a cold. Follow your instincts and get treated for it before it becomes a huge thing. GERD from CovCovidHas anyone that got GERD from covid (or as a result of) recovered from it once recovering from Covid? Or is this something I’m potentially stuck with for life? 

And I have a silent type with no pain, it’s sneaky, I guess no pain is better but it took months for me to figure out what it was. Weird feeling coming up from the top of my stomach into my throat: told doctor about it and he automatically went to “it sound like indigestion”. Then I get chest and throat  “congestion” after eating (doesn’t matter what). And I’m constantly having to clear my throat and have post nasal drip feeling (even with clear sinuses). So this all leads to LPR which is the silent version of GERD, was put on medication yesterday to try to help the symptoms. I’m hoping not to be on it forever, because I didn’t have problems before. 

Thoughts? false negative?Hi all. So here is my situation. I started feeling severe fatigue last Sunday so I went to urgent care. They did a finger prick test which revealed that I have IGM antibodies. The doctor told me these antibodies usually mean the person has early covid...my layman's understanding is they're the bad antibodies, not the good ones that show you've had covid and since recovered. He said that with the finger prick test and my symptoms, it was almost certain I have covid.

However, I just saw my nasal swab test online, and that came back negative. So on the one hand I've got the "bad" antibodies and the symptoms. On the other hand, the nasal swab was negative. I spoke to my aunt (a nurse), and she is inclined to think I am positive. She thinks that perhaps when I got the test, my RnA was not yet high enough to be detectable. 

I think she's right and I'm positive. After all, I'm still quite exhausted all day. However, any thoughts from the group would be most appreciated. Thanks very much! Update On Coronavirus Progress[removed] Cabin Fever, FrustrationI've been showing symptoms for about a week now (live in Houston, have to take public transportation to work), and though the antibodies test came back negative, doctors have said that with my symptoms (had to go to the ER for it yesterday), they think there's a chance I actually have it.

I'm mostly just frustrated at how much I'm coughing and not being able to breathe properly and not being able to walk around without getting completely exhausted. Medicine has done nothing for me, and I'm counting myself lucky that I'm not getting worse or better.

Funny, I started my externship on the 6th and though it was overwhelming and the hours were long, it was a supportive environment and I felt like I was starting to get the hang of things. Then this happened. I was also getting a good workout routine and healthier relationship with food, but that's changed since my appetite and sense of smell have been shot to shit. Tested negative?I’m frustrated because what’s going on doesn’t add up to me. I know multiple.. many people locally with the same sinus infection type of symptoms and everyone except for one person has tested negative. Sore throat, dry cough, shortness of breath, loss of taste and smell, etc the only symptom I haven’t had is diarrhea. I was presumed positive and told to quarantine which I still am doing. Some days are better than others, yesterday I had more energy in the middle of the day and felt better then got dizzy with a 94 oxygen reading before bed. 

I guess it’s possible there’s another virus going around but I don’t know, I have moderate asthma and was planning on going to the hospital if my o2 reading got into the 80’s but I tested negative so I don’t want to be overreacting. I got tested yesterday at noon and got the results in just under 24 hours Long haulers - anemia??I have been wrecking my brain over why on earth my lips kept bleeding of colour / going white. (I had a lip tattoo ages ago which is rarely present  but is very much there on the outline on my top lip).. so ive had this since the start back in March. After a while I decided I really didn't want to see this, so stopped looking in the mirror. Same response as blue toes basically, which thankfully have been not happening for a while. But yesterday I pulled my top lip up and realised that it wasn't just my bottom lip but also the top just draining of colour.. potentially maybe blue ish.. and this gave me the answer that I am not mad. Anyways, it doesnt affect me much aside from  mild panic - like seriously, its been months now can this shit GTFO!? Anyways  google had finally pointed me in the direction that didn't need blue lips as a criteria, anemia. Could this literally be it, the only remnants left to fix? Also dizzy, chest pains, tired  etc. Standard covid feels, but it could just be as simple as anemia?? Shall be calling GP tomorrow, but is this is the only issue left, surely it will be a fairly standard fix At what point did you go to the ER if you have?What was the underlying symptom or reason for you going to the ER? Presumed Positive - What should I expect? So far, very mild symptoms, loss of taste and smell.Hi everyone,

This is my first time posting to this sub. I’m really sad that I have to post here, but I’m hoping to receive some guidance or advice about my situation and also some insight on what to expect. 

Based on the symptoms that I’ve been experiencing for the past 3 weeks, I’m pretty sure I have COVID. 

Here’s a timeline of what I’ve been experiencing:

7/3 : itchy rash on my arm (I read a BBC article recently that said scientists believe this might be a new symptom, not sure though if it’s related!)

7/4: bad headache throughout the day

7/8: light night sweats, light muscle aches during sleep, nose congestion

7/9 - 7-10: night sweats and muscle aches gone,  nose still stuffy. 

7/11 - now: all existing symptoms gone, slight congestion that goes away as the day goes on, ***100% loss of smell and taste :-(

It’s been about 5 days now with no smell or taste and it’s been pretty depressing. I am usually the one who cooks in my family, so it’s been really weird not being able to do that these days. 

I’m ok and have not yet experienced any severe symptoms (thankfully). 

I’m wondering though, should I still expect the worst to come? I’ve been experiencing COVID symptoms for about 2 weeks, and all the flu/cold symptoms are gone, I’m just stuck with the loss of smell and taste. I’m thankful I haven’t experienced any severe symptoms but am extremely anxious and worried that it might happen one of these days. I don’t know how to feel these days.

I’ve been getting a lot of sleep, drinking tons of water, using ibuprofen, drinking lots of tea, boiled water with ginger lemon and honey. 

Thanks to anyone reading this and anyone willing to give advice! Negative reactions from fam? 😭Hi, I guess I’m here for a reality check from you guys- please? I’m hurt by my family’s response to my being sick. I’m assumed positive though I’m awaiting results. My doctor said I have nearly all of the symptoms of Covid and even if I test negative I have to self quarantine bc of the high rate of false negatives. I told my dad and brother and they both told me I’m overreacting (by thinking I might have Covid, even though they know my doctor told me I probably do), and they think I’m being negative for even telling them about it. My brother said it sounds like I have the flu and paranoia. 

I have asthma and had a severe pneumonia two years ago, so I’m a little scared and in a LOT of pain with my fever, headache, body aches, and cough. I’m pretty hurt by my brother and dad’s reactions. I think I wanted support- bc even if I don’t have Covid I have something and it’s pretty terrible. Am I crazy for being upset? Am I just overreacting? Was it stupid to even tell them? Sorry this is a weird post, but I just feel hurt and want to know if anyone else has had this experience with family/if I’m just a crazy person and I need to shut up and stop complaining to people. Is it worth getting tested again?Hi all,

27F, in general very healthy &amp; active. PMH: migraines. Looking for some insight. I'll outline symptoms for reference.

7/10- Symptom onset. Fever (99-100), chills, brain fog, fatigue.

7/11- Worsening symptoms. Fever (99-101), chills, brain fog, fatigue, headache, body aches.

7/12- Worst day. Fever (99-101), chills, brain fog, fatigue, headache, body aches, chest tightness, SOB.

7/13- Improvement. Fever (99-100), brain fog, fatigue, headache, chest tightness, SOB.

7/14- About the same as 7/13. Fever steady around 99. Less fatigue.

7/15- QUICK TEST completed. Swabbed just inside of nostrils. Results: NEGATIVE. Presumed false negative based on opinion of NP. Symptoms the same.

Today: Fever steady at 99. Really feel pretty good, just inability to take a full breath, mild occasional cough, mild headache.

I have the option of having another test done (the option with a deeper swab) but can't get an appointment until next Wednesday (7/22). At this rate, I am doubtful I will have symptoms by then. Discussion with NP= presumed positive.

**Questions**: *Assuming my symptoms will likely be gone by next week, is it still worth it to test? Is the deeper nasal swab more effective than the shallow swab?* I would assume so, but I'm so doubtful of all of the tests at this point due to the high rates of false negatives.

Any insight is appreciated. Stay well! A Warning - As a mostly recovered mild caseHi all. I see a lot of people in this sub are either "long haulers" or are newly infected, but not a lot of mild cases that recovered. I wanted to give some insight as someone who had an extremely mild course of the initial disease, but had a more severe outcome in recovery.

First of all, stats 'n stuff: Female, 30, O+, mild asthmatic, obese (now just overweight).

I was sick in mid-March, when what was happening then is now repeating itself. I wasn't able to get tested at the time, but I did get tested several times afterward for medical procedures.

Now, the first week and a half I was ill, I barely registered it. It was so mild. I didn't have any classic symptoms - no fever, no cough, still had my taste and smell. All I felt was a very light pressure on my chest, and for a few days I was just so randomly tired I felt like I couldn't sleep enough. Just a few days max - but I'd feel like that if I got a night of poor sleep and spent a few days playing catch up, too. Being asthmatic, I also thought nothing of light chest pressure. Maybe I'd walked too fast up a hill, or something.

This all went away with barely a notice. 

Then, around week 4 or 5 is when my body flipped the hell out and all hell broke loose.

I was woken up from a dead sleep by a sudden tachycardic episode - my heart was going 145bpm, I had shaking chills, my arms burned, I pretty much felt like I was going to die. I went to the ER and got put through a gamut of tests. X-ray, CT-scan, bloodwork, covid test. Eventually they got my heart rate down after two different drugs. Doctors found nothing seriously wrong with me, but my troponin was slightly elevated (ever so slightly...), I had hypokalemia (?!), and my WBC was abnormally high. Potassium pills and a beta blocker later I was referred to a cardiologist, told I had COVID, and was sent home.

After that I had waves of strange symptoms for the next month. Diarrhea, extreme thirst, tachycardia, painful burning neuropathy down both arms. This evolved into terrible insomnia, limb weakness, shortness of breath, sleep apnea, headaches... the list goes on. I went to the ER a second time once the neuropathy got very bad, because I was terrified something was going on with my heart. Doctor did a CT scan of my brain, also found nothing. 

During this first month, the cardiologist found nothing. I had a stress echo, 2 week holter, and eventually an EP study done. The EP study was surgical and I had to get a negative covid test to be accepted into the hospital. Nose swab was negative.

Then about week 10? 11? The thyroid issues hit.

Now throughout this, I would say I'd been slowly getting better... at a glacial pace. Symptoms resolved very, very slowly, coming back in waves that were just a little less intense each time. So, I thought I was getting better.

Then one day I had a feeling of dread in the mid-afternoon. This feeling kept growing until suddenly it was 12am and I felt like I'd drank 10 cups of coffee (I was not drinking any coffee at this point). My heart was flipping out, I was full of so much adrenaline that I felt sick. I couldn't sleep. I had chills, I shook, I had nausea. I had horrible anxiety and mood swings. I was getting blood sugar crashes in the middle of the day and night. Every time I tried to fall asleep I would be woken up by a rush of adrenaline.

The anxiety was unlike anything I'd ever experienced. Bright light and loud sounds would set off the adrenaline rushes. Carbs? Adrenaline rush. DECAF coffee? Adrenaline rush. Sugar? Well... yeah.

After a three-night stint of being unable to sleep, I was so weak that I took two benedryl and slept for a whopping 4 hours. That was the turning point. Every day now I get better in a linear progression. 

I now fall asleep just like normal again, I don't have any neuropathy pains, no diarrhea or horrible thirst, no intense anxiety, no rushes of adrenaline (though loud noises still give me an exaggerated startle response). 

I would say I'm now 90%. I feel back to my normal self, and I think what really helped kick the brainfog/insomnia was a change in my diet. I read somewhere that our brain and blood vessels need animal fats to repair and function, so I started eating red meat (or uncured bacon) and egg yolks every morning. And lots of red meat for lunch, too. Carbs still make my heart do loop-de-loops so I try to avoid them. I took many different supplements but none of them really helped.

Anyway, thanks for reading this long post. Mild cases of this disease are still absolutely terrifying and I would warn anyone wild a mild course to remain vigilant. Suffering since March. Life is just unfair...Why does it seem like those who take precautions and are more wary of the virus are more prone to catching it. I see loads on here saying they took care and still ended up getting it. I did the same....

Back in March before the UK government moved its ass, I decided to move mine. Or should I say not move mine. I stayed at home to study, I only came into contact with family and I ordered online rather than going out shopping.

Honestly in the two weeks before coming down with symptoms I can count on one hand the amount of people who could have possibly given me it. Everyone else was still going out to work or uni, seeing friends etc. etc. But suprise, suprise the 20 year old with no health conditions who was wary and taking measures to avoid the disease, gets the f*cking disease and no one else I know does.

Four months later and I am still just as bad as I was in March with the typical waves of debilitating symptoms. I’ve dealt with anything and everything any “long hauler” has dealt with. From dismissal to denial to utter despair.. 

Combine all the factors in play together and it feels like I am living in some awful alternate universe. Everyday I struggle to come to terms with whats actually happening. Sometimes it just feels like it was meant to be. My symptom timeline (28F)
Saturday Night/Sunday morning: Woke up after restless sleep with a dry, persistent cough. The coughing woke me up multiple times throughout the night. Continued less frequently throughout the day with slight fatigue. No other symptoms.

Monday: Developed diarrhea, cough becomes more prevalent. 

Tuesday: General malaise sets in and a noticeable fever of 99.6 (normal is 97.5) Fatigue to the point of taking three 2-hour naps throughout the day. Diarrhea continues. Very painful body aches, especially in legs/hips.

Wednesday: Wake up with a stuffy nose. Elevated temp maintains around 100 degrees. Body aches continue in lower extremities. Cough has mostly subsided. Diarrhea continues but becomes less frequent.

Thursday: Temp maintains around 100 degrees. Diarrhea clears up. Stuffy nose improves slightly but sense of smell has mostly vanished. Mild headache/head pressure begins to set in. Still fatigued.

Does anyone else have a timeline of symptoms similar to this? Getting tested tomorrowHi everyone. I had a virtual appointment with my PCP today after experiencing symptoms for the past few days. I’ve had random nausea, crazy fatigue, shortness of breath, congestion, coughing, no fever. My doc ordered a test and I’m going in the morning to be swabbed. She told me to quarantine and basically assume that I have it. 

And I’m pissed. I’ve taken this serious since the beginning.  I wear a mask whenever I have to go anywhere, same with my kids. We have practiced social distancing from the get-go. I work from home and the only contact I have is with my family. 

My 18 year old stepson moved in last month and continues to go out with friends, goes to an indoor skate park, works at a place where nobody wears a mask. Complete disregard for other people in the house. It’s just so upsetting that I’ve worked so hard to keep myself and my kids safe and yet the risk is still so high in my house.

Rant over. I really hope it’s just a cold. Did you have any warnings before experiencing severe symptoms?I got tested today after seeing my doctor. Based on my symptoms, I'm pretty sure I'm positive (diarrhea, fatigue, headache, chest pain, sore throat, racing heartbeat). The only pre-existing condition I have is obesity, which is a pretty bad one to have for Corona. 

With the addition of the chest pain and racing heartbeat, I've become increasingly anxious today that I'm just going to pass out/drop dead in my home. I live alone and my closest friend/relative is about 10-15 minutes away. I'm feeling very frightened and I know that has to be making the chest pain and tachycardia even worse. 

Looking back (or currently), did you have any warning signs before you experienced major symptoms? If it stays at this level of just general misery/feeling sick, then I can take it. It's the whole losing my life because there's no one to call 911 or notice I'm turning blue that's really scaring me. 

I feel very isolated in my anxiety. My family keeps telling me that I'm young and it won't be much worse than the flu. But I'm 100lbs overweight and my chest/breathing has never felt like this in my life. 

I guess I'm just looking for any reassurance whatsoever that I won't just drop dead from this? Is there a period of time when most people realize, "Oh shit. I gotta go to the hospital now."? Did you experience anything like that? Anxiety out of controlI started feeling bad on Sunday with fatigue and lack of appetite.  I woke up Mon with severe stomach cramps, diarrhea and fever. By Tue i was fine but I got tested since a coworker got sick the same day as me with fever, cough and chest tightness.  My coworker has since tested positive along with his family.  I am a 41f with slightly high blood pressure and on the line between overweight and obese.  Up until tonight I have only had a headache(pretty constant) and confusion. My fever returned a few hours ago and it has raised my anxiety to the point it's making my blood pressure rise. I went front 118/74 to 143/97.  I am terrified of things getting worse or making my family sick.  I take a small dose of Klonopin for anxiety but I don't want to take extra.  Any advice for anxiety would be greatly appreciated. Stressful week.My parents got diagnosed with covid. They were tested. They most likely got i from my sisters who was treated for strep recently, but most likely it was covid. They were babysitting my daughter when they suddenly started feeling sick. Now my wife is sick and will be tested this weekend. My two daughters seem ok. And I am not feeling sick. Maybe I will get sick later or I might just be an asymptomatic carries. I think most likely my wife will test positive. We also have a month old daughter. It is all a lot to think about it. Anyways, that’s me venting. Impatiently waiting for resultsHi all,

Last Monday I started to have a lot of pressure in my head, minor chills, and my temperature reached 99.5. During the week I continued to feel the pressure, and the following Thursday I went to my local urgent care and was diagnosed with a sinus infection. I was given antibiotics and a decongestant. It didn’t feel like it helped too much but I continued to take it.

This past Monday, I wokeup in the middle of the night with chills and my body felt extremely sore. I went back to sleep and when I wokeup again I ate a banana and took my antibiotics and Tylenol, and checked my temperature which was 99.9, and went back to sleep. I wokeup about two hours later and had a wave of nausea hit me. I ended up running to the bathroom and throwing up. I assumed it was due to taking the medicine on a slightly empty stomach. I stayed up a little longer and then ordered some lunch. I ate it and went back to sleep. After I wokeup, I once again threw up. I checked my temperature again and it was 101.2. Once again I went back to sleep, and wokeup again extremely nauseous but I had nothing to throw up. My temperature was 103.1. I immediately contacted my family and my sister came and took me to the hospital since I felt extremely weak. Fortunately, it didn’t take long for me to get checked in. I got put on an IV, was given anti nausea medicine and Tylenol. I got my blood tested, a X-ray of my lungs, and a COVID test. According to the PA, my white blood cell count was really low, and he said that correlates often with a positive COVID test. I stayed in the hospital until the IV fluid finished and then went home. My fiancé tried to force feed me some chicken noodle soup, and although I was starving, I couldn’t eat. Off to bed I went.

I woke up three times in the middle of the night with chills and the feeling of needing to throw up. It was horrible. My fiancé brought me to my parents house so I can stay in their spare bedroom since my mom works from home and is able to check on me. Side note, my whole family had COVID about a month and a half away, so they felt better with having me come over than staying at my house and getting my fiancé sick. My mom cooked me some food and I barely had an appetite but attempted to eat. My dad picked up the prescription I was given for Zofran, and after i took it, I took a little bit of Tylenol then went back to sleep. As soon as I wokeup, I ran to the bathroom and threw everything up. I immediately texted my cousin who is a PA and she called in a prescription for promethazine in hopes that I’ll stop feeling nauseous. Thankfully it WORKED. I have eaten about 4 apples and 3 peaches since last night, and my mom came and woke me up in the middle of the night to make sure I take the medicine so that I don’t feel nauseous in the morning. I’m still experiencing body chills, a fever, body aches, and now eye pain. I feel better than yesterday since the nausea is gone, but man this is the worst feeling ever. I’m still waiting for official results of a positive test, but even if i test negative why the hell am I feeling this way? I’m sure it’s COVID and I just hope people take this seriously. I feel like I really was and yet I potentially have it. Stay safe everyone! Tested Negative Twice, Assumed Positive By 3 DoctorsTitle tells it all. I started symptoms July 2nd. Fever, SOB, chest pain/burning, fatigue, sore throat, congestion, you name it... I was tested on July 3rd and July 10th. I just got test results back for both tests. I tested negative for both. I'm not sure if I tested too soon and then too late, if I'm just incredibly unlucky, or both.

I have been assumed positive by 3 different doctors and an entire ER team at the Mayo Clinic. One nurse even said "you 100% have COVID." I know I have COVID. My doctors know I have COVID, but the test results don't help my case with my employer. 

My employer requires a positive test result for me to qualify for their Emergency Paid Leave policy. I can't work at this point with how bad the SOB is. I've scheduled another test for today and tomorrow, but I have little faith that I'll test positive this far along into it (now 15 days into symptoms). Is it possible to still test positive at this point? 

It's absolutely incredible how inaccurate these tests are. My advice to anyone who has tested negative but still has COVID symptoms is to remain quarantined and be tested again. It's better safe than sorry. 28F, Anyone else experiencing leg pain?Just received my swab test today and doctor is presuming me positive. On 7/12, woke up with a dry/tickle-y cough in the center of my chest. Also been experiencing abdominal pain and diarrhea. Barely below a fever, body has continued to stay around 99-100 degrees (I normally read 97.6). 

Yesterday on 7/14, I began to feel general malaise, fatigue, a stuffy nose and slightly scratchy throat. Woke up this morning with no improvement and a brand new symptom; body aches in my lower back, hips, but especially my legs, specifically my thighs. 

It’s the front, not the back so I don’t have reason to believe it’s related to sciatica, but this ache in my legs is INTENSE. It feels like the pain is radiating from the bone and always moving around. It’s put me into such a high pain level today that I’ve literally cried out in anguish. 

Is anyone else out there who’s tested positive dealt with this as a symptom?? Has anyone else had lasting chest pain after mostly recovering? If so, how would you describe it?My COVID-19 symptoms were: lethargy; very high fever (terrible dreams the first night); bad sore throat; congestion; and a very bad cough -- made my chest hurt -- which eventually, I think, turned into walking pneumonia, because I had some shortness of breath towards the end.

Also, for weeks after, I had a weird kind of chest pain -- mostly in the place where I felt the worst pain while coughing. I'm not sure what it was, but it seems like it could be described as *costochondritis*? Basically, for some weeks after recovering from the illness, if I sat down on a bench or slouched, when I got up, I would have a weird chest pain. If I brushed my teeth or washed my hands forcefully, I'd have this chest pain. And then, just a few weeks ago, it basically stopped.

Has anyone else had this kind of lingering chest pain? Day 2 and I am worried about the next monthDay 2 is bad. I can’t imagine what the next few weeks will hold. I am running a fever, losing sense of smell. Taste is sort of there but it comes and goes. Coughing a bit that’s either dry or wet. The worst part is the headache and body aches. I feel like I have the flu but not. I’m friends with a girl who ended up on oxygen last night. She’s home now but that’s the part that worries me the most. Sharing our current statusMy husband is on Day 9 of fever and today is the first day that he said he had even the slightest improvement.  His fever is under 100 for a change.  He’s lost over 5 lbs.  He got his positive test result on Monday after a 5 day wait.  His other main symptoms are limited taste/smell, chest tightness, cough, muscle aches, upset stomach.  

For myself, I’m on day 4 of fever, but have been congested for over a week.  I went to get a nasal swab test yesterday.  My sense of smell left last night.  My cough is more about clearing congestion, I don’t have urge to cough.  Fever has been up to about 101, but on advice of a coworker who survived I have stopped taking Tylenol.  He suggested just letting fever run high until it finally breaks.  I sweated all night and I woke up with SOB this morning.  had a panic around pulse ox readings varying in the low 90s. Also my blood pressure is unusually low.   I’m usually 130/90 but never on bp meds.  Today I am 115/80.  Drinking pedialyte in case that is from dehydration as I had diarrhea for 2 days.  

I called my PCP and they told me just to ride it out with OTC meds and go to ER if my temp got above 101 again.  The ER says not to show up there and talk to PCP first.  What I am seeing is that you have to be an advocate for your own healthcare.  No one wants you to come in to their facility until it’s too late.   I wanted a chest X-ray, so I told my doc and he ordered it for me.  I made it a point to let the imaging center know what was going on and they were very nice about bringing me in through the back with a mask on so I was not around any other patients.  Results ended up being normal.  pulse ox is also normal now.  

The waiting game is really driving us crazy but I refuse to just blindly hope we’re going to be lucky.  We have a right to get diagnostics to help guide our therapy! Good new re immunity and antibodies[removed] Obesity and mortalityMy husband and I are awaiting test results in 2-4 days but are showing classic symptoms. I’m worried about my husband. He’s 35 and is morbidly obese but no other underlying conditions and good blood pressure. I know obesity contributes to more severe outcomes. I guess I’m just looking for some good stories or ante rotes of people on his age group and weight range making it. No Fever, but all the other symptoms.Sunday I started feeling unwell. I went to urgent care Tuesday because I was dizzy, weak, sore muscles, winded easily, and no appetite. They took a test. 

Today, my taste is going out along with smell.

I have most symptoms of Covid except fever. No chills, no fever, etc.

Has anyone heard of people getting Covid-19 and NOT having a fever?

I'm ordered to stay at home until I hear back on the test. Can employer require you to show results?Developed symptoms last week. Video chatted with doctor and he gave me a presumed positive doctors note and said we are awaiting test results in the note. I live in Iowa and we have a 3rd party tester here ( TestIowa, they are terrible). Anyway, I got my results back via email with a login to a portal to view results and was told to call my doctor with results. My doctor says they can’t write me a Covid positive note since the test was through a third party. My work is now requesting me to send my Covid results via picture which I am not at all comfortable with due to privacy reasons. Can they penalize me for not sending them? Possibly in for another ride...I’ve been recovering from the virus since February. For over 4 months now. I’ve Been feeling GREAT the last couple weeks. Today, my dad came home and told me that his boss was sniffling and had some pretty disgusting coughs, and that his boss stood over him while he was working. I really don’t want to go through this again, and I certainly don’t want my family to get infected. My parents are semi-high risk, and that’s what makes me nervous.

What makes this worse is the fact that my dad’s work has not taken this thing seriously whatsoever, and my dad is the only one using a mask and social distancing. I am really REALLY hoping his boss was just feeling off today. 

(I have no idea what to put as a flair...) Covid and hair shedSo my hair is very sensitive lol stress to my body or mental stress always causes a little hair shed for me. Im presumed to have it back in April and now a few months later bam my hair is shedding everywhere.

Anyone else experiencing this? went for a walki have been sick off and on like never before in my life since march 8th.  i get better for a few weeks and then i relapse.  sometimes it feels like the sickest i have ever been.  SoB, bronchitis, fatigue, sweats and chills, lots of coughing.  crazy bags under my eyes.  im only 35 and have never experienced this kind of roller coaster with my health before.  

anyway last night was really gnarly and i woke up feeling the same as did going to sleep.  i have been staying inside sooooo much that i began to wonder if this house air is messing with me, so i put on my n99 mask and went for a walk.  probably about 2 miles.  i think it really helped.  my chest and airways were sore all day and as i write this not long after the walk, that soreness seems to not be there right now, and i feel refreshed.

i have heard from numerous accounts that this virus hates motion.  also fresh air and sunlight is the oldest viral treatment in the book.  i made sure to take alleyways and avoid crossing paths with anyone.  i really hope this isnt just a placeebo effect.  i am gonna do it again tomorrow too.  

cheers. Tingling in toes and handsDid anyone else experience a tingling sensation in the toes and fingers? It goes away a little when I walk around. I’m presuming I’m positive due to being in close contact with someone who just confirmed positive and I have a sore throat and general fatigue. 

The tingling has been a strange symptom that I’m most worried about. For those who had this same experience, when did it go away? Is it an indication of poor blood flow or just a weird effect? I have called a doctor and they said not to worry unless discoloration occurs. Did that happen to anyone else? I don’t know what to expect and I am absolutely terrified.I went to my local testing center today to get a nasal swab test done.  Reason why is because my mom was experiencing symptoms and ended up testing positive. (Her symptoms started on the 5th of July, she got tested on the 7th, got her results back on the 13th).  I started feeling symptoms yesterday (July 14th) which included a dry cough and shortness of breath.  Today I feel the same but now I have a ton of congestion. 

My mom doesn’t appear to be getting any better despite her saying she feels fine.  I’m sure she is lying to me so I don’t get stressed out.  I’m just scared about what these two upcoming weeks have in store for me.  I have terrible anxiety and suffer from panic attacks.  If I turn out to be positive (probably will) is this going to affect me for the rest of my life? I see people on this subreddit sharing how it’s day 100+ and they’re still recovering.

I’m sorry if I sound stupid but I didn’t expect this to happen to me or my family.  I’m just extremely worried and I am in desperate need of some type of advice. Excruciating headache that never stops.Day 1. I have had the first symptoms last friday 10th of July. I felt like this little pressure sensation deep inside my chest and had minor coughing, thought it was because of the drastic change in temperature from outside to my office. That evening i went out even though feeling a bit tired, which I shouldn’t have done. 
Day 2. Saturday morning I woke up with a stuffy nose, fatigued and with a terrible headache. I blamed the alcohol. In the afternoon it was like my body completely went to emergency mode. I had diarrhea, then body aches started and headache got worse. I had teary eyes and only felt like sleeping. Up until this point I had no temperature, no fever whatsoever. Only before going to bed, I had a temperature of 37 celcius.
Day 3. Sunday Morning, temperature was at 37.3 celcius. I felt fatigued during the day, body ached all over, headaches. Diarrhea again. Had a normal apetite, no cough of chest issues whatsoever. No more temperature after that point.
Day 4. Monday. Skipped work. No more body aches. Ongoing headaches. Overall tiredness. Sense of taste gone completely, but a good apetite overall. Normal temperature. Went out on a walk and it was a bit challenging. 
Day 5. Tuesday. Woke up with a headache. The headache feels like a huge tenssion around the upper part of the head, tempels, behind the eyes, strong light sensitivity. No body pain, fatigue is better. No cough still. Just minor minor runny nose. After a long nap, at 8pm i woke up with an excruciating headache and a temperature of 37.3. 
I live in Albania and they won’t test you unless you show fever or cough, but I’ve barely had fever 2 times and no cough. Please can anyone suggest what should I do. Is there anyone out there with similar experience? Does it usually get better from here or worse? SmokersMy sister is a smoker in her late 20's with no underlying health conditions. She has been complaining about some body aches and headaches. She is scheduling to get tested. She smokes cigarettes pretty regularly. I worry about her getting the virus and having to be hospitalized or worse. If any of you are smokers and have had COVID, can you please tell me about your symptoms? Spouses with the same exposure but different symptoms?Last week we found out that an acquaintance we were around 7/3 and 7/4 has tested positive but they were "feeling better" so she traveled multiple states to our area to see family. Friday my wife started having issues with her throat hurting. Saturday was worse during the day then she didn't sleep due to the pain that night. Slept most of the day sunday but now the pain is worse. Monday lots of pain and sleep. Today it's still hurting non stop, any drinking or eating she says feels like knives going down her throat and pain in her chest and she says it feels like a "ball" is in her throat/chest. She had some occasional coughing.  We took her and they tested her for Strep which came back negative and she goes for a covid test here in a few hours. I for the last few days had a little tickle in my throat with occasional coughing. Then all of a sudden this afternoon I feel like I got hit with a train. I can't stay awake, my extremities are freezing but my chest and belly "feel" hot. My face is hurting so badly I wanna puke and my jaw is trembling. Everywhere hurts, just the smallest amount of pressure on a body part and i'm aching like heck. Does this sound possible? TIA [29/"young healthy"] Week 4 of Trouble Breathing, looking to relate to someone to calm my nervesI went through a real "illness" phase a few weeks ago where I was so winded from sitting up or walking across the room, had really bad chest pains, never had a fever or cough, but def noticed a major loss of taste. I felt pretty "normal" at the end of week 3 of self isolation so this past weekend i was somewhat out and about. there were a few moments of exertion that basically knocked me back to week 2, so i'm not like week 1illness level, but my breathing feels really heavy again even though the rest of me feels normal. i am going to stay in bed but i am nervous about my trajectory, 3weeks of rest and some mild weekend walking around and now my progress is ruined.

i know people have been quoted to saying their breathing was bad for months but this just seems extreme since my lungs are apparently so weak they couldn't even handle some walking around, it wasn't like i full on exercized.

the main thing i'm feeling is my lungs feel suuuuuuper heavy and weak. i can sleep through the night fine and when the doctor ans hospital checked my oxygen levels (a few weeks ago at my worst) they were saying my oxygen seemed great.

my grandma was in the hospital a few months ago with pnemonia and was hooked up to oxygen in super bad shape and she was like back in action 2weeks later and was fine.


would realllllllllllllly love if someone does relate to this and to hear how they handled it Healthcare worker husband with abnormal pulmonary function test and lungs of an 84 year old.My husband is an RN at a pretty big hospital outside of a pretty big city, but we haven't really been hit too hard. His hospital was on board with all precautions pretty early in the game, and because he's a supervisor, he doesn't have as much patient care as a floor nurse.   
  
In early April, he got a call that a patient on the floor tested positive, so he got tested. He didn't have any symptoms at that point, so we weren't surprised, but relieved that he tested negative.  
  
For the last month or so, he has been complaining of mild chest tightness/shortness of breath. It was always kind of subtle, and it was worse when he was outside, so we assumed allergies, since he had no other symptoms whatsoever. 
  
It started to get worse, so he went to the his primary care doctor, but, again, had no other symptoms, so they wouldn't test him.  
  
Within the last two weeks, he started having heart palpitations, became short of breath with just talking, and would get pretty severe night sweats. We have a pulse oximeter and he never satted below 98% and we do temp checks every day and he never had a fever. He pretty much demanded that he be tested again. It came back negative, again. This was just days ago.  
  
He went back to his primary care doctor again and had a pulmonary function test. Every single thing they tested for was abnormal and it shows that his lungs are functioning at less than 60% of normal and he has the lungs of someone older than 84 years old (he is a 32 year old male with NO OTHER health conditions). We can't imagine it not being a result of having had covid at some point and how shitty it is that his life, our lives, can be potentially be changed like this forever because of his career choice.  
  
He is following up with a pulmonologist tomorrow, but we have just been panicked about what this means. I'm also a nurse and we have 2 small kids, and have no idea what this means for them. We were all mildly ill at the end of February, but it came and went, and was mostly gastrointestinal, so I doubt it was related, but who even knows? The results seemed to suggest fibroids or scarring of the lung tissue, similar to post-ARDS syndrome. No one knows if it's reversible, but usually it's not.  
  
It makes me angry that people are still refusing to wear masks or take this seriously but don't hesitate to seek the help of healthcare workers at the drop of a hat. The clapping, lining up of people to praise nurses and doctors, the free pizza for frontline workers, etc., won't or can't ever make up for how my family's life might possibly be affected by this. It is all I can think about now. Even some of his coworkers are making pretty reckless choices and putting themselves in a position to become infected or infect others; health care workers on his floor have tested positive after traveling, which is just irresponsible in my opinion.  
  
Now I just have to hope that I don't also get sick so that my kids don't have to watch us both die prematurely. I regret ever becoming a nurse. Symptom duration on relapse35M no previous conditions, exercised regularly 3d/w before this. I had it back in 30/3 with SOB developing at the start of April. I been having almost all wave-like symptoms described by long haulers ( sob, body aches, GI issues, neck pain, chest pain and tightness, etc). Two weeks ago I finally got rid of SOB, and tiredness, along with almost all other symptoms. However, tree days ago I started feeling an itchy throat, and a light cough and today I have 98.6F (37C) of temperature again ( it was the same back in April). I know there are some people who had a sort of relapse/reinfeccion. Can you tell me please how long it lasted the second time and how bad it was? 

Thank you all. Do y’all have any experience getting multiple negative test results after known exposure to a case and showing symptoms?[removed] ValcyclovirIn April my doctor said that I had Covid. My symptoms started in March. Towards the middle/end of all my symptoms I noticed that my cold sore was getting ready to rear it's ugly self. I started taking valcyclovir again  and now that I look back I realize that I think it helped me get over the last of the coronavirus symptoms. I am so afraid of getting it again thank I haven't stopped taking it. I thought that I had read somewhere that it may help with mild/moderate symptoms. Has anyone else heard anything about that? Good ole lingering symptoms![removed] Anyone else annoyed/sad/outraged our antibodies don't seem to be worth a damn?I've read several articles that show that antibodies aren't detectable in many folks a few months after they recover. 

Dammit.

I may have to go through this again?!

So much for herd immunity or even my own immunity. 

I'm seething. It's completely irrational, I realize, but to know that we survived and it may not protect us is crushing to me, and I am mad at [insert thing of your choice here] because this just doesn't seem right.

On top of it, the US is a nightmare for health care and your ability to have healthcare is tied to your job and if the virus keeps going we won't have jobs and then we will all die because we live in the most messed up of third world corrupt oligarchies. 

I'm angry. I'm really freaking angry. Its likely that acid reflux is linked to the virus, I dont see it listed as a common GI symptom but see it so often in personal accounts.[removed] i feel like death.everything hurts. i’m weak as hell. but i don’t have a fever and so far my oxygen is okay. 
i feel like i got ran over by a train. then a bus. then a car. 

like i’m short of breath. literally my organs hurt. my bones hurt. my muscles hurt. i keep getting headaches. i’m shaking. 

god i’m hungry but i also feel like puking up my goddamn guts. 

please someone tell me you feel like this. i’m not even coughing but GOD ALMIGHTY DO I FEEL LIKE CRAP. 

so far my smell and taste r chill 
like food tastes like food but i’m kinda losing my smell ( i have sinitis and a uti at the same time with this shit)

i don’t want this to kill me but i also don’t want this to kill my family. 

BUT BOY FLU LIKE MY ARSE. Post viral treatment?Close to 100 days and post viral is taking a beating
My fault for taking sun &amp; trying to get back into the gym too soon. I heard a couple of people vouch for Genistein, I was wondering what you guys had luck with so far, I’ll try and add to this pole but it’s helpful to build some sort of wiki with peoples experiences

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/hqschg) Presumptive Positive. what next?[removed] How can companies behave like this and not face any consequences?I'm currently sitting here with a 102° fever for the third day in a row after having been extremely careful since COVID-19 was announced as a pandemic.

I work in retail banking for a Fortune 500 company that insisted on opening up the lobbies to the public a couple of weeks ago despite the huge spike in new cases. It was so unnecessary. We were running the bank just fine and meeting all of our completely unadjusted goals during the lockdown while operating through drive up, phone and appointments only. Someone in corporate set an arbitrary date that we would open and we had no choice but to listen or lose our positions. 

They also told us we would not be allowed to turn away clients from face to face appointments even if they were symptomatic or were refusing to wear a mask. I would have quit right there if it wasn't so incredibly hard to find a job right now...

So apparently someone got me. I shudder to think how many elderly and frail people I've interacted with in my office over the last couple of weeks. Half of my coworkers are at risk or live with someone who is. I'll feel so incredibly guilty if one of them ends up sick or worse.

I'm so pissed at the totally irresponsible profits-over-people way that the USA and its companies have been handling this pandemic. I'm young and will *probably* be fine, but that unfortunately can't be said for a lot of people that are forced by their jobs to face the public every day...

Sorry for the rant. I'm just sick of watching people suffer so that we can pretend everything is normal when that is FAR from the case. I hope you all stay safe, happy and healthy. Should schools be reopened this fall ? Waiting on my results, and my symptoms keep coming in and out?I got tested Thursday and it's gonna take 7-10 days to get my results back. My symptoms are very mild. I had a sore throat, shortness of breath and a headache and occasionally a cough. The only thing is my symptoms come and go. Sometimes I'll feel like dirt and other times I feel fine. For example, my throat felt awful Thursday and I was burning up, but Friday I felt fine. Saturday, I woke up feeling like I could barely breathe, and my sore throat was back and my nose was runny. I also was sweating buckets. Now today is Sunday and I was feeling fine, but now I feel awful again. 
I've also been more tired than I usually am. I feel asleep for 9 hours Tuesday and was still very tired. Like I hadn't slept all day. I also randomly get these hot flashes. Like I randomly feel hot all over. I'm not sure what these means, but I am worried. DamnitSo yesterday I very suddenly came down with a fever of 104 degrees, had aches, dizziness, the whole works. Now today we called my doctor and now I have to self-isolate. Thing is, I took every precaution. I wore a mask, washed my hands, and stayed indoors. Why me?? Even more, I had a very special planned trip with my boyfriend to a cabin on a beach in a week. I am pissed. Even if it’s just a simple bug, I still have to isolate. I have ADD, so this is going to be really difficult. Fuck this virus. Really, I feel for everyone affected by it, but now it hits even closer to home. I really just  hope everything goes alright, with myself, and all the millions who are suffering. 105 days post-Covid- Hope for long haulers!I finally reached 105 days of recovery from COVID. The last month has been absolute hell with the worst migraines I have ever experienced. However, my respiratory symptoms seem to have eased up a little. I'm not quite as out of breath from walking from the kitchen to the bedroom, and I recovered from a flare up much faster than previously. It's a small difference, but it's huge when I can finally walk to the kitchen and back without needing to lie down and rest afterwards. 

I have been taking all kinds of vitamins and supplements, but I'm not entirely sure if any of it helped. I suspect that maybe the low dose aspirin and the mullein herbal tincture were probably the most helpful. The rest of the symptoms are still a huge annoyance, the headaches, dry painful eyes, fatigue, itchy skin, heart racing, etc. BUT my lungs feel distinctly better and a lot less pain with breathing. Muscle pain interfering with sleepIt's 4am and I'm (27F, nonsmoker) trying to keep from crying and slowly walk around my room in hopes of relieving my muscle pain. It's especially concentrated on my legs and back. 

Anyone have any tips on how to relieve it at least a little bit? I've only had very mild symptoms the last 3 days. This pain is the first unbearable symptom I've had. Terrified for my granny who just had heart surgeryMy granny and I live in Houston, TX. She hasn’t been outside of her home since mid March. On Monday, she has surgery to get a stint put in her heart, so my uncle came to town since she would need to be driven home from the hospital. My family has been safe, but my mom texted to tell me she thinks they likely all have it in Austin, including the uncle who drove into town as they have had symptoms for the “last few days”. He stayed with her the night before her surgery because it’s a 3 hour drive in and out, and it was an early appointment.

I am freaking the fuck out. She is 80 years old, diabetic, and just had heart surgery. Houston’s ICUs are overrun. If she had to go to the hospital, would they even give her a ventilator if she needed it or decide she’s unlikely to make it and give it to someone younger? 

It’s so upsetting to see people say that if you are at risk, just stay home. That we shouldn’t all have to wear masks/lockdown if those at risk just stay home. Of course, we don’t all have that option because of work, but aside from that people will still have to leave their homes eventually for things exactly like this. Older people go to the doctor a lot. So we shouldn’t wear masks and make our community safer for people like my granny? Without even getting into the fact that it’s fucked up that we are asking people to stay inside for two years just so that we avoid temporary discomfort. She hasn’t left her home in months and has been all alone and now she may have been exposed after heart surgery? I’m just furious with the people here for being so damn selfish when it doesn’t have to be this way.

Fuck I’m so scared and trying not to cry and freak out. I haven’t seen her in so long. I’m terrified of her dying alone in a hospital, scared and in pain and lucky if a nurse can even hold her hand. I feel so much guilt because I had weird feelings about him needing to stay there. I told her to open some windows, but they probably didn’t. I am so upset I didn’t speak up. I should have told him to sleep in his truck or something. I wish I had done more and followed my weird gut feeling about all of this. 

Maybe this sounds strange to some, but my SO and I tune in to our city’s Fire Dept. scanner for a few minutes here and there when we think to. I don’t let it scare or upset me, but of course right now it’s a source of panic. It’s been something we do since this all started, because the messages coming from our governor didn’t align with statements I’ve read and heard from healthcare professionals here. It’s gotten so much worse, almost every call now is “sick person” and “breathing problem”. These last few days, you can hear all of the medics going over their expected call times and being asked to update their status, only to say they are stuck trying to get a patient into the hospital or transferred. I heard a call 30 mins ago where the medic was 56 minutes over and updated that they were still in triage at the hospital—only to update just now that he is still in triage. Another call about an 87 year old woman who used her alarm company to call 911 and they were giving details about how to get in her home. Things are so bad here. Weird testing experience? Scared.Today I decided to get tested at kaiser. Because someone I know had symptoms of covid and got tested today also. And for past couple days I’ve been having a tickling sensation in my throat causing a tiny cough but that’s it. So I decided to get tested. I arrived and like any normal waiting room people waiting. Some were coughing and you could tell they were sick. So the weird part that is stressing me out horribly is that when you get tested, it’s 3 people at a time in separated tents. My concern was if someone was having trouble with the swab test and starting coughing or sneezing and then the next person came in and sits in the same exact spot!? Made absolutely no sense to me. I could be negative with the test but that same moment I could contract the virus. What are the chances of that happening!? It’s been killing me all day. I was maybe in their for about 1 minute and had my mask off so the nurse could swab my throat and nose. Went to Doctor Yesterday. Waiting on Test ResultsI’m a 24(F) living in Austin, TX. For the last week or two, I’ve felt extreme fatigue, brain fog, and had headaches behind my eyes and forehead. I recently moved and have just had a really stressful season, and I struggle with anxiety. Usually when I am really anxious, I get dizzy, tired, shortness of breath. So I’ve been assuming I’m just stressed af. Well I’ve had intense sinus pressure the last couple of days. No coughing, no fever, no body aches. Just crazy exhausted, headaches, and sinus pressure. Went to the doctor yesterday and she said my ears were congested (didn’t look at my nose) and that I could have a sinus infection and/or COVID. So they tested me and I have to wait 5 days for the results, since they are so backlogged with tests. If I was anxious before, I’m definitely anxious now. I am hoping my symptoms do not progress and that my husband (26) doesn’t get sick as well... he’s had a slight cough for a long time, and we both struggle with allergies. It’s so hard to tell what’s going on with all these ambiguous symptoms, especially since neither one of us has had the “staple” symptoms of COVID like fever, coughing, shortness of breath, etc. Describe your prednisone experience pleaseHow many rounds of prednisone did you take and did you get better? 

My doctor prescribed methylprednisolone and I’m on day 2. It’s only a 6 day tapered course and it seems like it will take at least 2-3 of these rounds to get to normal. 

I’m nearing day 90, and it’s gotten progressively worse even though I had a mild case. No antibodies yet. Day 4, no taste or smell... anyone else like me?Hey y’all. So here is my potential covid story. On 7/2 I felt a little achy and rundown, but I assumed it was from doing so much hiking/beach walking the last few days, and assumed it was that. Afterwards my eyes began to be sore for about 3-4 days, it finally went back to normal yesterday. However, on 7/7 I noticed that my smell and taste had started to decline. I took my covid test yesterday but waiting for results (5-7 days they said). 

I feel completely fine. No cough. Fever. Aches. Sore eyes. Just the loss of smell and taste. It’s weird though because I can faintly smell certain candles and fragrances, while others I can’t smell anything. I’m not sure if that has improved from yesterday but will continue to monitor it. 

Has anyone else experienced mild symptoms like this? Did they stay mild? Or get worse? I’m worried about that. I’m a 32, moderately healthy male, but recently quit vaping once I started to feel this way... Back againHi guys! So just wanted ti make a post because I’m getting SUPER ANXIOUS about the test coming back. Got tested the 6th of July, should be here tomorrow or Monday. I think my wife is going to test positive and we were together before we got tested (obviously) but they are the only one showing symptoms. My throat is starting to hurt, but I have been heavily smoking because of anxiety and I’m just losing my mind at this point For those anxious to hit the gym...I was one of those people who was a little cautious about hitting the gym once it reopened. They reopened here in Florida in May and I waited a good 2-3 weeks to see how things went before returning. At first things seemed ok, except they were not taking temps and maybe 3 people would wear masks. Even employees were barefaced. About two weeks ago, they started doing temp checks and all employees started wearing masks, so I felt a little more secure. I would go in wearing a mask, but would eventually overheat and cave into peer pressure, so it would be completely off my face by the time I hit my second exercise. Last Saturday, I got extremely nauseated, migraine, headache and woke up with a 102 fever. By Wednesday the fever and headaches and nausea went away. I was completely in denial, telling myself it was just a migraine causing all of this, but in reality I knew it was Covid. On Wednesday night I completely lost my sense of smell and about 60% of taste. Everything tastes like it’s watered down. Right now I have a bit of a runny nose, but otherwise feeling completely normal. Thankfully I’m young and have no underlying issues, so I’m sure I’m past the worse of it.  Just counting the 10 days down since my first symptom and waiting for smell/taste to return. I want to get tested, but I’m like what’s the point? I know it’s positive and by the time I get results, I’ll be over this thing. 

I know I could’ve been more careful at the gym, but honestly I find it impossible to work out with a mask, so I’m going to stick to home workouts until there’s a vaccine at least. 

My advice to those anxious to get back in the gym - be extremely careful or just don’t do it. It’s not worth it. My gym wasn’t even crowded and I still picked this bug up.  The sweating, heavy breathing and lack of open windows makes it so easy to pick up the virus there. Also, the young guys in there think they’re invincible. There’s no social distancing at all. WHAT GETTING TESTED FOR COVID 19 IS LIKE![removed] Anyone develop tingling feeling during COVID and still have it?I had it for 5 weeks March-April.  Somewhere in there I noticed I developed this tingling sensation in my one thigh that comes and goes.  It’s not painful, there is no  numbness.  It’s almost like a rush of tingles that goes down the front of one thigh and last 10-20 seconds maybe?  Happens I would guess at least a few times an hour I would guess throughout the day.  During COVID I feel like it happened more and I didn’t think much of it because I had so many other odd symptoms.  

I do have issues with chronic pain (back, hip, neck, migraines) stemming from an accident and I would probably chalk it up to that if it didn’t start during covid.  And maybe it is but I’m curious if anyone else is experiencing it. Is this legal?Hi everyone, I'm not sure where to ask this. I looked at the nurses subreddit but didnt have a text option. So a close friend of mine is presumed positive. Classic symptoms, loss of taste, smell, body aches, headache, throat pain etc. Her husband works at a hospital in Florida and her doctor assumes she got it from him. He is only showing symptoms of body aches and dizziness. I live in another state so I wouldn't know but her doctor claims there is a week wait to have a test done and then another 2 weeks for results. But my true question is here... I asked if her husband is still working bc hes presumed positive also and is a nurse. The hospital told him he can and will continue to work as long as he wears a mask and isnt running a fever and he can be Asymptomatic and also still work... with patients. Is this allowed?? nauseamy dad tested positive on Thursday and the rest of my family got tested this morning, I had a mild
fever after the test so we are assuming my entire family will have it. It has been pretty mild so far, with low fever-normal temp. i am struggling the most with stomach issues, however. i’m wondering if it’s just my anxiety though, because my stress has always coincided with my stomach. Has anyone else experienced mostly stomach issues with covid? Anyone else experienced back pain?I’m 16 years old and was told I have covid three days 
ago, the test hasn’t come back yet but my doctor said even if it is negative, it’s likely a false negative. My cough and shortness of breath have gotten worse everyday but last night I started to get a sharp pain in my back right above my left lung. It’s so bad I can barely move. My mom thinks it could be because I sprained a rib due to how much I’ve been coughing, I was wondering if anyone else has experienced this? Nausea the main symptom?I got tested for COVID last Monday but am still waiting on the results. I presume they'll be positive since my sister tested positive and I've had contact with her. 
I've had a couple days of other symptoms, but my main and sometimes only symptom is terrible nausea now. Is anybody else feeling this as the primary symptom?  No fever, no cough, no loss of smell/taste. Negative instant test, waiting results on a shallow nose swab[removed] Long-term - five months &amp; counting[removed] What happened at the Covid testing centers?I was wondering what happened to those of you who were tested for COVID? I called on the phone and took those prescreening forms and was advised to go to the emergency room and to be tested. I’m feeling really bad and even thought this could very well be the end of the line for me a few nights ago. I’m not allowed to go to the hospital or be tested because my mom says that they will probably put me in a camp and that I am endangering my family and they will be separated into camps. She says she will buy me an inhaler but I don’t have breathing issues. FULLY recovered long haulers?[removed] What should I do? Am I positive or not?I wanted to ask a question on this sub, perhaps you can give me an advice. 

My immune system is pretty great, flues never last more than 2 days, I rarely get fevers, last one I had was probably when I was 7 or 8 years old, I am 25 now. Two weeks ago I got a mild fever 37.5C (99.5F), which scared me since fevers are rare for me, when I woke up in the morning I had very bad muscle aches as well, so I decided to get tested. Then after a week I started getting a very itchy nose and mouth ulcers which indicate that my immune system was probably fighting something since I get these rarely as well. 

I live in a country with universal healthcare, but it's crap, had to wait 2 weeks to get tested. So I went to a private hospital and did a blood test the same day, the blood test tests IGM and IGG antibodies came positive for IGM but negative for IGG. Which according to my physician means that I may have been in contact with the virus. Based on this result I did a swab test, the swab test was negative. 

All of my contacts: parents, friends, relatives that got tested all had negative results.

Any advice what shall I do. Do you think I should do the blood test again to see if maybe IGG are present? I've read online that IGG antibodies usually come after the IGM ones, or should I do the Husband waiting for resultsHe got tested today per his work bc of symptoms (headache, exhaustion, slight dizziness). No other symptoms. I’m kind of freaking out over here. I expect we won’t get results for at best a week. Back Pain?I'm self isolating on doctor's orders while waiting on a test but who knows how long that could be.  My symptoms don't....seem like Covid?   But I know it's weird so who knows.  

It all started with severe back pain, mid back.  I have had two back surgeries and immediately thought I had broken something again.  Scheduled appt with back DR, etc.   Doesn't look like anything major in the back so far.

Next day I was exhausted.  Completely.  As the back pain lessened over the past few days, the fatigue and headaches have not.  Had chills for one day, but no fever, no cough.

Back still hurting, still very very tired.  Still headache.  But nothing else.  

Does this sound anything like Covid?  Self isolating is very difficult in a small house.  Feels like the DR may just being overcautious.  I'd prefer to wait on my test but don't want to risk the family. Day 2Welp yesterday was my first post to the group, a bit of background 31 yo male with no major underlying health problems. Not in peak condition but not obese either. Symptoms started yesterday and came on like a freight train. Fever of 104 and was able to bring it down to 100ish with meds. Severe fatigue, body aches akin to a car accident mental fog, sore throat, very light cough and friggin rigors and some weird ass fever dreams and distorted sense of time when sleeping. Symptoms for day 2 remain largely the same though I did have some nausea today and vomited this morning after eating sense of smell and taste remain largely intact and my appetite comes and goes. Hoping that my test comes back negative tomorrow but the doctor doesn't seem to think so so here we are. Recent study shows that the autopsy reports for COVID patients showcases blood clots in every SINGLE organ in there body[removed] Recent study shows that the autopsy reports for COVID-19 patients showcases blood clots in EVERY single organ of the body.[removed] Do blood clots resolve on there own?Do blood clots resolve naturally? Can we just sit tight, rest and relax and wait for them to resolve in there comfort of our homes? For Covid Long HaulersThird week of March I had every symptom there was and even one that was not known yet; pink eye. I was tested the first 18 hours of my fever but my test came back negative. I was still diagnosed with Covid by three doctors. I started to feel better about three weeks fever finally went away. The next week I got a sore throat, was achy again and my fever came back. I was also really tired. My family physician did a whole slew of tests, throat culture, etc. and found out that, according to my antibody profile,  Epstein Barr virus was reactivated.  It was not a new case of mono but the Virus activated due to my illness and stress on my immune system. It has been three months and I still have my energy back completed listings are good but I still have the occasional down days. Question about different kinds of testWhat is the difference between the long nasal swab test and the q tip? Just curious I have bouts of hypochondria and recent exposure has me stressing out so much.Sunday night I was at work, and me and a coworker were sitting next to each other in a booth waiting for cash. She had her mask off and on and multiple times she showed me something on her phone and I grabbed it to look, then took my mask off without washing my hands after touching her phone. She tested positive a few days ago. I have had an off and on mild fever of about 99.5 and my throat has this weird dull ache to it along with yellow mucus. I feel slightly nauseous but everything else is fine. I hope my anxiety about this doesn't make me sick when I might not be. 

I tested 2 and a half days after exposure, hopefully I waited long enough. Gonna try and rest and not think about it until I know.

Hang in there everyone 💓 Bloody stools, diarrhea, abdominal pain, headache, night sweats37f.  PA.  I took myself to the ER on Tuesday after I woke up in pools of sweat and started to pass bloody mucus in my stools.  I had begun my bout diarrhea on Saturday.  At the ER they ran numerous blood works and did a CT scan on my abdomen and pelvis.  Everything came back normal except for my C-reactive protein (CRP) which was high.  Doctor stated that CRP is essentially stating that there is inflammation but it doesn’t say what — sort of like a wide casting net.  

Since I don’t have shortness of breathe or fever, he thinks I could have Covid because of the GI issues.  And gave me a script for it.  I had to wait to days for the test and now I have to wait 3-5 days to get the results.  In the meantime, I have to quarantine from my loved ones.  

I have a throbbing headache that comes and goes as well as the diarrhea.  Stay safe everyone. Still experiencing bothersome symptoms?Thank you to everyone who has been contributing to posts and comments on here, it has genuinely been helpful in a time when symptoms are so amorphous.

I started experiencing symptoms on January 27th, and it only started as a sore throat in the beginning. In the days after, I started to develop really bad body aches, extreme fatigue and not being able to stay up, and constipation and nausea. I never had a bad fever or significant shortness of breath, but I do feel like i have decreased lung capacity and I lost my sense of smell on July 3rd.

I did get tested through drive-testing in Houston on January 29th, but I have yet to receive my results. I am really frustrated with contacting Harris County Public Health because it has literally been 11 days, and I have not gotten any documentation back. However, I am just presuming that I have COVID bc I did lose my sense of smell.

Currently, I have a stuffy nose, a scratchy throat, dry eyes, and this burning sensation in my nose. On top of not being able to smell anything, I have become really frustrated with these symptoms because they seem to drag on. I only had mild symptoms in the beginning, so I expected to recover quickly but it doesn't seem to be the case. Anyone have any tips and advice on how to alleviate some of the burning nose symptoms and nausea?

Also any advice on how to get my results any faster would be appreciated because i am at wit's end.

Edit: Also I am 21 year old male, if that explains anything? Thank you! Please help!!!(21F), For the past week I have been getting really bad migraines, is there anything I can take that really works. Everything I’ve been trying to take doesn’t work. My head pounds all day. Please I need some recommendations. 18 M Tested TodayHi everyone, I just had a covid test today.
My symptoms are weird. I started staying home about a week ago, because I had this cough that was very subtle. Then this week I felt shortness of breath and that my chest was tight. At first I thought it was covid, but I had no fever, chills or anything. I went to the doctor today and I have a history of asthma and allergies. She had no idea what it was so she prescribed me two inhalers, a daily one and a rescue. She also did the covid test to be safe, probably will hear back in a week because labs are impacted. I’m waiting to pick up the inhalers, but I’ll let you know if I have any relief. I’m a healthy 18 year old male who worked out daily before this. I still feel healthy, but just have that annoying cough.  I also have had no direct contact with anyone, Family is showing no symptoms and some people I have seen are also showing no symptoms, as well. It’s been almost two weeks now since the coughing started. Horrible sore throatI ended up going to urgent care today because I woke up with a horrible sore throat and the whole back of my neck was achy and sore. They tested me for strep but instead of swabbing the back of my throat the nurse swabbed the side of my tongue and never made it far enough to get my throat. I don’t understand it. Of course it came back negative: they then swabbed me for covid as a precaution. Told me to take allergy medicine and cough drops for my throat as if I haven’t been fucking doing that for two days now.

I followed up with my regular doctor for a second opinion who said it sounds just like strep and she called me in some antibiotics. She also said it very well could be COVID because it’s rampant in my state. I’m hoping they work because this is miserable. Presumed positive by doctor - just wanted to share my symptoms/make a post to keep trackI live in a city with very limited testing rn but my doctor says I likely have corona (I tested negative for strep) 

About me - 17f, healthy/slightly underweight BMI, no conditions that would put me more at risk

Day 1 - extreme sore throat. I thought it was just a really bad hangover at first but that’s never happened to me before and I thought it was strange 

Day 2 - sore throat slightly increased but still bad. Became congested 

Day 3 - congestion got very bad. Sore throat almost gone 

Day 4 - congestion still very bad, sore throat came back a bit 

Day 5 - got mild body aches/chills. Congestion constant, sore throat slightly less bad

Overall I don’t feel horrible but could be better How many more days should I wait outMy best friend that helped me move about 3 weeks ago felt symptoms on sunday.

I had a bad muscle ache but thought it was mi diabities acting up. Wife about 2 days later on June 30th took my termperture and I had 101 F or 38.5 fever.

Took plenty of acetominophen and 2 days later it dropped to 37 c or 99 F. Took also other meds that my friend that is a doctor recomended iver the phone. I have had a bit of a dry cough but no issues breathing. I lost my will to eat buy am eating full meals now. I am in a 3rd world country where treatment is poor and there are no hospitals bed left. In Panama there are 40,000 cases and we are only 3.5 million people.

How many days should I stay home. Wife got sick also but her feaver wont drop from 38 degrees but she can breath and has no cough. Any tips for managing shortness of breath?Day 9 today and while I have more energy, I'm having a much more difficult time breathing. My oxygen level is still good (96-98 on the oxomiter) but I feel like I'm having an asthma attack. The albuterol didn't really help much? Has anyone tried anything that worked to relieve the symptom at all? (awaiting test results, presumed positive) Tested negative on PCR-TEST but X-Rays showed possible pneumoniaMy symptoms started with fever (99.5-101.00), diarrhea, mild and muscle aches the first 3-4days. Day5,6,7 no symptoms. Day8-11 had GI Issues and mild discomfort on chest. Day12-15 only mild discomfort on chest. Day 16 I had only one water stool bowel movement and my discomfort on chest kinda increased in pain. Day 18 went to gastroenterologist and he assumes is covid. We did general blood, urine and stool test to ruled out any other viruses, bacteria or parasites, and everything seems fine with my lab tests. My X-ray looks generally fine but an irregular density on right Lung possible Pneumonia. CT Scan was done today to confirm so waiting for results... My covid test NASAL swab PCR test came out negative, so Im doing antibodies IGM to IGG next week to confirm. Any of you guys had these similarities? Positive igg today!Today I tested positive on my igg antibody test, negative for igm. The weird thing is I have had 2 pcr swabs while sick and both came back negative, June 19 and July 1. I had symptoms starting June 15 til about July 4th. I took my kids in for antibody tests and they both tested negative for both antibodies. Any thoughts on this? I was really hoping they had them even though they haven’t shown any symptoms. We all had bad uri’s and the kids had pneumonia in the spring. Yep... I feel like I’m dying nowTwo days in a row I had to hold back my very large and healthy roommate from his girlfriend.

Now that I had to summon everything in me to put him in a lock while she escaped... yeah... I feel like I’m dying.

Felt like I literally had a heart attack... on the bright side she’s safe and sound.

This is gonna be one long recovery at this rate... i’m pissedso i haven’t been social distancing but out of all the ways I got exposed I got exposed in such an awful way. I have this friend and we haven’t talked in two weeks so I pulled up to his house to say hi. He gets in my car and hugs me. an hour after I hang out wit him I get a call that he is positive and that he went to get a test yesterday. IM SORRY WHAT. turns out the kid knew that he was exposed for the past week. when i got that call today my anxiety went through the roof. he never told me that he had been exposed or tested and hopped in my car. i know i wasn’t rlly social distancing but i wouldn’t have come to his house if he told me that he was exposed and got tested. I’m getting tested tmo morning. currently quarantining myself. My symptoms so far[removed] Tested negative with the following symptoms: dizziness, lack of smell, lack of taste.Tested negative today but putting this up because there may be some of you in the "I think I have it" camp with unusual symptoms such as mine and want to know if you should get tested.

For six days now I've been getting dizzy spells when laying down, standing up, exercising. For three days I have gradually lost my sense of taste and smell. Today I have noticeable delirium and trouble focusing. No other symptoms.

38/m, generally healthy and in good shape. 

I have no idea what's going on. I'm thinking 1) it could still be COVID but got tested before the virus was able to build up to be detectable in my system or 2) ???

I'll continue to monitor symptoms. Hi! A bit scared. Hoping this sub will help.I’m 31yo male, non smoker. Only take Wellbutrin, and recently vitamins. 

My question is whether or not you think I will have a severe case. I have extreme anxiety and the anxiety is making it hard for me to get through the day + the symptoms.

Exposed: Sunday (most likely)

Wednesday: went on a short hike, was extremely tired. Not hungry at night 

Thursday: generally okay. 

Friday: woke up and able to “feel” my lungs. Just like slight congestion. Tired, lethargic. 

Saturday: was okay in the morning then symptoms got worse. Very tired, very lethargic. Starting noon I stopped eating. Went to go get tested. Who knows when that will come back. Had diarrhea the first time. Temp floating around 99, peaks at 99.7.

Sunday: worst day thus far, horrible stomach pain, diarrhea, still not eating. Like nothing. Very tired, in bed all day. Can still walk and talk but just want to be in bed. Temp around 99.

Monday: not much different than Sunday. Tired, not eating, didn’t do much of anything. Still a bit of pressure behind sternum, like very slight. 

Tuesday: felt better enough in the morning to do some work on my computer. Could eat again, had healthy small meals throughout the day. But by evening my chest started to feel like it was burning. This could be related to anxiety, as I got very anxious that night. I took a walk around the block (masked) and that calmed me down. 

Today (Wednesday): it feels like I am going to have to cough, but don’t necessarily need to? I’m always scared it’s going to move to pneumonia or something. I don’t want to be in the hospital. Temp still around 99 (my typical is 97.5). 

Does this read like any of your symptoms? And does it seem like I might change into a moderate/severe case or does it seem that it’s been mild and can stay mild? My anxiety is destroying me, but the symptoms are real. 

Please help! Any guidance, suggestion, anything is helpful! Can an elderly person be asymptomatic?A doctor said that my grandma is most likely positive. She's been sick for the past seven days. My grandfather is doing fine and has no symptoms. Since there's no isolation between them there's no chance he hasn't contracted the virus yet. He's either asymptomatic or in incubation stage. So, I'm wondering is it possible for an elderly (70+) person to be asymptomatic? How about your thymus gland?[removed] What helped you to treat at home?27F most likely has COVID-19. A good friend and I came down with the same symptoms at the same time and then the rest of her household went down with it. She’s being tested tomorrow, I was told by an ER doc family friend that my symptoms add up and to treat at home and avoid people. That there’s no point in going to get tested if my symptoms are mild and manageable. 

Over the last 5 days I thought I had a bad allergy flair up. A ton of sneezing at first, runny nose, fatigue, then scratchy throat. Waking up with mucus in throat from a post nasal drip. Headache that feels like a hangover headache. Slightly diminished sense of taste/smell but I thought it was on par for nasal congestion and didn’t think much of it until I started to feel bad. My temp has only ever gone up to 99.3 but I am usually in the mid 97s and I’m starting to have chills so I’m pretty uncomfortable. 

How did you guys keep yourselves feeling comfortable while you worked through it? I Return to Exercise?Quick background: 

I (22M) began experiencing symptoms (squeezing headache) on June 26. I'm going into the military and run 30+ miles a week, weightlifting/calisthenics 5 days/week, swimming 3 times/week so I initially chocked up my symptoms to being rundown. Symptom Progression:

6/26- Squeezing headache and annoying cough

6/27- Fever, headache, cough

6/28- Sinus symptoms start, no more fever

6/29-  Congestion and Sinus symptoms

6/30-present   Loss of taste and smell started, congestion has improved

I avoided getting tested due to unclear stance of the military, however my gf began experiencing symptoms 6/30 and tested positive 7/3. I am presumed positive but avoided getting tested so there is no official record of it due to my career choice. 

I would say I'm almost back to 100% now minus the smell and taste (which seems to have improved slightly).  I'm ready to return to my stringent exercise routine in preparation for an intense military selection program next month, however I've seen some scary articles about how COVID is causing strokes in otherwise young healthy people. I feel fine, but would prefer not to become a statistic. Wondering what other's experiences have been with returning to their normal exercise routine?

TL;DR 

Presumed positive but not officially tested, wondering the health concerns associated with returning to a high intensity workout regimen having recently come across articles linking COVID to cardiac damage and increased stroke risk. Recovery from pneumonia questionsI'm healthy 27f with no comorbidities. I developed pneumonia in both lungs from covid despite testing negative. the Drs saw my CT scans and said it looked exactly like covid, along with the symptoms. It's been almost 4wks since the diagnosis and everyday I'm hacking up stuff from my lungs. I'm wondering if anyone else has gone/is going thru this too cuz it feels like forever. Pretty sure I got it. ScaredStarted feeling bad over the weekend.  My symptoms are whole-body aches, chills, no appetite, in a fog, and fatigue.  Walking up/down stairs even achey.  Stuffy nose.  No fever, or respiratory issues.  The aching is the worst part.  How do I manage that?  It is getting worse and that is with taking tylenol/advil alternating at the max dose.  Any suggestions with that is appreciated.  Got tested yesterday and waiting for results.  Very scared.  I am alone right now. Is the loss of taste and smell treatable? 8 month old daughterHas had a cough the last two days, been cranky, not  finishing bottles and has a 100.3 fever. 

Her dad was sent home from work yesterday after people had tested positive. My husbands test results are pending and will take a week to get back. 

Both my husband and I are overweight smokers and we aren’t showing any signs. But I’m worried that my daughter is. 

Did any of your children get sick? Would it be common that she’d be the only one who shows symptoms. I’m really scared and sad. I gave her some Tylenol and I’m trying to get her to hydrate with pediyalite but she is rejecting that. Any advice or experience please Covid? No loss of smell or taste no feverHello all, 

   I had 2 coworkers test positive. Over the weekend I began getting a tickle in my throat but nothing else. Yesterday i started with some mild congestion and slight cough. This morning i had a throbbing headache and body aches. My joints hurt. My cough is worse. I got tested but i live in south Florida and results could take up to 10 days due to increased testing. I have not have fever. My smell and taste are the same. Is loss of smell and taste and fever been the norm for those who have tested positive? Also, i had a throat swab, not a nose swab. Anyone else? Questions on how to heal up quick?Hello all,

Pretty sure I have corona. I'm 20M. I have the worst headache I've ever had, you could cook a grilled cheese on my forehead I'm so hot, and I've had like restriction in my lungs for the past week or so. 

I'm getting tested tomorrow I think.

I eat mostly plant based so I'm pretty healthy I'd suppose. Does anybody have any like natural remedies that worked for them? I heard Turmeric is like extremely helpful when fighting corona. 

And I'm lowkey beating myself up because most of my family is super susceptible and I'm scared I've given it to them :/ 21 year old COVID-19 experienceI am a supposedly healthy 21 year old woman. Normal weight, never smoked/did drugs/drank alcohol. I have been feeling so sick for the past few days and nothing's helping.

 I was working in the food industry and in my last day at work, a co-worker told me that someone's household family member tested positive and she was off from work but management was trying to keep it a secret until she found out her test results. When I got home, my head started hurting which was not usual for me. I just got a bad gut feeling and the next day I quit. The previous week however, my toes were hurting sometimes, which I've heard can also be a symptom and I also kept getting random migraines every day that lasted for an hour or so.

Here are the symptoms I've been experiencing since my last day at work:

Suspected exposure-27th June
That evening- headache, fatigue
27-5th-random headaches
29th-noticed slight loss of taste 
5th july-headache, fatigue, dizziness
6th july-headache, fatigue, cough, lack of appetite
7th july-headache, fatigue, light headedness, cough, post nasal drip, lack of appetite, upper back pain, neck stiffness, legs and arms aches in the morning, nasal discomfort when breathing
8th july- worst day so far- stomach discomfort, loss of smell, diminished taste, worse headache lasting the whole day, fatigue, cough not as bad, light headedness, nausea when standing or walking, lack of appetite, hard to get out of bed, nasal discomfort when breathing, fast heart rate when standing up, legs feel like giving up, slight chest tightness

I have been trying to keep myself hydrated, take Vitamin C and Zinc and Tylenol for fever, but so far I'm only feeling worse. If any of you have any tips for any of these symptoms, I'd appreciate your advice. Day 113 new swollen lymph nodeAfter feeling comparatively great/90 % for weeks with present but very minimal symptoms, 2 days ago I noticed a very hard swollen gland beneath the jaw. Slight chills and semi sickly feeling that evening. Assuming it’s a “relapse” but the mind wanders about reinfection or chronic infection/ condition. Those minor headaches seem to be back too. Just venting really because I feel no-where relatively close to how I felt In the acute stage, it’s just peculiar because I never had this gland issue, and it’s still hard as a rock. Anyone else experienced similar? Just when you think you’re getting over the last hump, this thing comes  back to creepily say - hello me it’s me again. Stay up friends! Red flaming ears &amp; a pounding headache, fluctuating temperature.I had a question for people who are positive 
/presumed positive? I’m a on day 6 on my symptoms &amp; I noticed my ears were red &amp; burning to the touch &amp; I had a pounding headache on the back of my head &amp; a fluctuating temperature (I don’t have a fever but I’m very scared that it will turn into a fever) &amp; I feel very shaky (not chilly). Has anyone had these symptoms? If so please let me know &amp; still awaiting my results. Chronic Post-Nasal Drip, Salty Taste, Anyone Else?Possible Case in March, Several doctors have suggested possible positive given symptoms.

Since I recovered from the initial illness I have developed a salty post-nasal drip that has not left for over 3 months. I have done 2 rounds of antibiotics, 2 treatments for possible oral thrush, allergy medications (pills/ nasal sprays), saline rinses,  air filter and none of these has stopped this salty drainage down the back of my throat. I notice that it seems to get worse if I lean my head over (invert it) and then stand upright again. Can anyone else relate to this. I have seen my primary care doc, another family doctor, and two ENT docs. They seem just as confused as I am. Do I have it again?I had a 70+ day run of many of the classic symptoms.  Following that, I was essentially better for 6 weeks, though i had some residual fatigue, weakness and memory issues and then a week ago I got the sinus pressure/nasal inflammation, itchy eyes headache, fuzzy headedness/memory issues, fatigue, loss of smell, sleep disruption, and short stint of diarrhea.  Is it possible I have it again?  No lung pain, chest pain, body aches, fever or racing heart rate at this point. Keep isolated even when recovered, reinfection is a strong possibility[removed] heart rate spikes and suddenly slows heart after months[removed] Random Fast heart at minimal activity after being sick. Now a slow heart relaxing after 3+ months.[removed] Are people's immune systems being lowered[removed] Fast heart after being sick in march. They a Slow heartrate after 3 months when relaxing.[removed] If you think you have COVID-19: Summary of suggestions from this subreddit[removed] do i need to worry(18M) i have a previous post on this sub where i talked about me having shortness of breathe. It started around 6 or 7 days ago and only happened at night and in the morning in the beginning. Then around day 3 of having it, it stuck around all day. I never had a temp over 99.3 (right after i got out of a hot shower) and i’ve felt a little tired but that usually happens when i lay around all day like i have been. I have a pulse oximeter and my levels have been from 96-100. A couple times they’ve dropped  to about 93 but that’s when i’ve kept it on for a long time and as soon as i take it off and refresh it it’s around 96-100 again. Kaiser told me when i called that they don’t have room to test people who don’t have more severe symptoms for another 10 days so the dr said to just wait it out and he assumed i would get better soon due to my age and me having no underlying conditions. My question is that now that i’m on day 6 or 7 of having symptoms and they haven’t progressed to anything severe do i need to worry about it happening still or am i in the clear of that. I’ve heard if u do get severe symptoms it usually happens fast and around day 6 you’ll know if it’s gonna get worse or not. I have extreme anxiety about having to be hospitalized over it and having the SOB is already very very scary for me. I’m a severe hypochondriac so all of this is definitely worrisome. If you think you have COVID-19: Summary of suggestions from this subreddit[removed] My room mate is COVID-19 positive and idk what to do , what can he do and the doctor said zinc, vitamin d do nothingHe had really bad cough, and within 4  days his condition went to shit. He went to the urgent care today, he refused to do a COVID test because he can't afford the $200 for it, did an xray of his lungs and they said he has pneumonia, that was $80. Blood test was $90 too, consultation was 100. Then my friend told him he's been taking vitamin d, zinc and vitamin c. Doctor laughed and said to stop listening to morons on the internet, called it a waste of money.

&amp;#x200B;

They then told him to go to the ER, because he has bad cough, pneumonia, tachycardia, etc, but my friend refuses to go because he can't afford it and it will ruin his credit. Doctor said he's presumed positive 

&amp;#x200B;

My friend can't afford to go to hospital, we're in OC, CA but "technically" also live in L.A because use our parents addresses. What can we do? My friend is 27. Does going to the hospital really mean he has to go bankrupt? He really cares about his credit

&amp;#x200B;

And what do I do? I have no symptoms but I'm scared, sorry if this post seems panic but I'm so worried COVID NYC 2019Guys anyone get super sick around end of December 2019 in nyc? I had a crazy flu like symptom no respiratory issues but tons of neuro symptoms etc. Do I have covid19?[removed] If I test positive that means my incubaton period was literally 3 weeks!Only time I could have possibly been exposed to Covid was June 17 as I was in contact with an infected person and I didn’t find out till a couple of days ago. I realized that I could have been displaying super mild symptoms around wed last week but I dismissed them as gas from eating greasy food which also went away. I’m feeling a bit under the weather today, no cough or chest tightness but a mildly sore throat and some cold tingling in my lungs, my diarrhea and gas is kinda back and my temperature is very very slightly warmer than usual. 

I’ve been self isolating from my family, and if the symptoms don’t get better I’ll go get tested, but that would have been hell of a incubation period.


Only good news is this research that I’ve found... “Our findings suggest that patients with a shorter incubation period proceeded to have more severe disease. Further studies are needed to investigate potential biological mechanisms for this association.” Negative antibody test 3.5 months after likely infection. Can antibodies fade that quickly?28F. I live in NYC and I was sick with mild covid symptoms during the last week of February and first week of March. I was unable to be tested at the time because I hadn't traveled to China or Iran and I waited until June 30th to go in for an antibody test for fear of exposing myself in the event that I hadn't actually had it already. The test came back with a non-zero antibody count but far lower than the threshold to be considered positive. It's totally possible I never actually had covid but given where I live and the fact that I was taking the subway twice daily until mid-March and had just traveled through JFK I really thought the odds were good. Some of the symptoms I had were very unusual compared to anything I'd experienced with a cold or flu before. Is it possible that I waited too long to get an antibody test? Has anybody had a similar experience? Or did I most likely just have a regular old cold?

My experience with the illness was as follows: I flew internationally through JFK (not to China or Iran) in mid February and got sick 8 days after returning home. I had body aches, the worst headache of my life, and a sore throat which felt more like swelling in the base of my neck than a typical sore throat.  I felt feverish for about a week though my temperature stayed under 100. This was followed by a dry cough that developed a week later and lasted over a month. My cough felt like a tickling/buzzing feeling deep in my chest that would set off a painful coughing fit a few times a day. I also experienced a sort of cold-but-burning pain upon breathing in and severe chest and neck tightness when I tried to exercise a week after getting sick. I did not have any nasal congestion which stood out to me as unusual for an illness that felt like a cold. Obviously nobody was really testing at this time without a travel history so I wasn't able to get tested but I had a virtual doctor's appointment with Mt. Sinai a few weeks later and they told me it was likely I was infected. Day 14Only symptoms left are stuffy nose that’s on &amp; off, SOB at certain times after exertion &amp; GI issues

Seem to have gotten past all the major symptoms after day 5ish &amp; have had major fatigue since then 15 week update + eye examWell I think I may be finally starting to recover. Not feeling as tired these days and definitely less brain fog. Less chest congestion in the mornings too. I'm actually feeling pretty good these days despite high HR sometimes. Last Sat spent most of the day in 90F heat outside and even walked up my driveway with no sob. No relapse, no extreme fatigue.  Today I went for an eye exam since my glasses broke and are hanging on by a thread. If I didn't have the virus before I definitely have it now. Big sign that said FEVER CHECK at the entrance but they skipped that and handed me a form and welcomed me aboard. Had to put my face and eyes on everything in the place. Doc was sneezing and coughing but thankfully masks were mandatory. I was the only one wearing gloves. 
TL;DR: I'm feeling good. Don't get an eye exam. Any tips for getting active post-symptoms?So I stopped having symptoms in early April, was sick for about a month or so. I’ve been trying to get back to working out ever since then, but I’ve been having a really hard time. I do have EIB so I use an inhaler before working out, but it’s not helping a lot. After about 5 minutes I’ll get chest tightness/pain and have trouble keeping up. I’ve been taking breaks whenever this happens, but even then I can’t go for longer than 15 minutes without feeling faint, nauseous, and extremely tired (as in almost falling asleep). I actually almost passed out today and apparently my breathing sounded bad enough for people to check to see if I was okay. I’ve just had such horrible experiences when I do try and work out that I’ve been avoiding it altogether.

Is this something that will get better the more active I get? I’m not sure if I should just kinda push through this and keep working out every day or take it easy. I’m used to having breathing problems while working out so it’s hard for me to tell when I should stop. Is there a way for me to monitor this so I can tell when I should stop so I don’t have a bad time? Thanks! I’ve had subtle symptoms for 8 days now    It all started last Sunday (6/28) I woke up feeling nauseous and vomited. Throughout the day I experienced chills, hot flashes, and fatigue on top of the nausea. Fast forward a couple days, the nausea is gone but the chills and hot flashes remained. Since then all the way up until today the chills have disappeared but I still get minor hot flashes and fatigue (also yesterday I developed a low grade fever) and just a general weird feeling I can’t describe that only happens at random times during the day. I also need to add that for the majority of each day, I would feel completely normal but at random times throughout each day I would experience these symptoms listed above.
    Most of my symptoms have been improving though. Now, I got tested last Tuesday and it was negative, but my doctor told me to self isolate until I follow up with her and discuss a possible retest. Still feeling minor symptoms now so I got a retest today, waiting on the results for that. 
     I know it’s impossible to tell over the internet but does this sound like COVID? I’ve never experienced anything like this before, even with a bad stomach flu it usually only lasts like a day for me.







EDIT: I’m a 21 year old male with no pre existing conditions. I am 6’0 and 140 pounds if any of that is relevant. Who has sleep issues???I am into week 7 now with this virus. My biggest issues I’m facing is lack of appetite, fatigue, and not being able to sleep!! I mean not being able to sleep at all without medicine. I had been using Xanax to get a few hours on and off all night long.... for 6 weeks now..
Other medications didn’t work. Now I’m on a depression med that helps with appetite and hunger and insomnia. I’m able to get some sleep with it now. But during the day I’m unable to nap at all unless I take Xanax, which I’m trying not to take as much now. Anyone else just can’t sleep? That part is making this feel so helpless... Something in me doesn’t want to shut down. Or if I fall into a sleep some weird sensation wakes me up. Anyone else in this boat? 
If I could sleep I think I would be doing a lot better mentally with all this.... Lack of Sleep is Making Me Go Crazy (25 M)This begins back around the week of June 15th where my significant other (27 F) decided to visit her family in Arkansas. Her and I both have stayed home this entire quarantine, including her family, so I didn't really think much of it. The whole reason she went was because her family has stayed home since March and so did she, so it really wasn't anything to worry about. They went out to the store like a few times while she was there, masks and social distancing. Abiding by the rules. 

So fast forward to the 21st, she comes back home (Texas) and I'm elated to see her again. She had no symptoms up until the 23rd/24th (fever, fatigue) so she decided to go get tested on the 26th. Came back positive on the 3rd last Friday. Once the symptoms started showing I decided to start sleeping on a mattress on the other side of the house, just to be sure. 

Was fine up until the 26th. Had a lot of fatigue. Slight fever. Wet cough with a lot of phlegm. Nothing yet too alarming. Decide to sleep it out. 

(Day 2) 6/27: A lot more fatigue. Higher fever (100) Still some coughing with phlegm. Took some Nyquil. Nothing too major. 

(Day 3) 6/28 Woke up super stuffy still with fever (99.8). Took 2 pills of 325 mg acetaminophen and 5mg phenylephrine. Fever went down to around 98 and got a little sniffly Slept decent these past few nights.

(Day 4) 6/29: Woke up with no smell or taste. Really really tired. A slight cough. Not really much of a fever. Started getting slight SOB. Especially in the back. Was taking Dayquil and Nyquil. slept fine again. 

(Day 5) 6/30: Woke up really tired and nauseous. Still a slight SOB. Sore, especially in my back. Progressed a bit better throughout the day then decided to puke up my dinner of spring mix after drinking some ginger green tea with lime then the fatigue and nausea came back. 

(Day 6) July 1st: Woke up with no fever but with the electricity out, so was super warm. Felt okay. SOB still there, especially tightness in the chest and back. Felt super super weak towards the end of the day until I ate some fruit and felt a bit better. 

(Day 7) 7/2: Felt really really fatigued with still shortness of breath. Taste and smell started coming back slowly but just slightly.  Still taking Dayquil and Nyquil during this time. Still sleeping fine.

(Day 8) 7/3: Nothing really other than occasional SOB but really bad fatigue throughout most of the day. Got an oximeter from Walgreens and my oxygen was around 97-99. Felt a lot better after that. Got some Zincum tablets and Emergenc-e immune plus with 1000mg Vit C. Probably ate the most so far this day. Back felt really sore. Stomach was kinda bubbly. Slept fine again.

(Day 9) 7/4: Still slight SOB and fatigue. Taste probably at 90% now. Smell at 80%. felt a lot better after eating some granola and trail mix with some emergen-c afterwards. felt like i was back at like 70%. Still taking Dayquil/Nyquil and some melatonin (5mg). Starting having trouble sleeping. Slept from about 12am to 4am and could not go back to sleep after taking another melatonin. Thought I was excited about the f1 race in the morning lmao.

(Day 10) 7/5: Up for the F1 race and enjoyed it. Didn't feel bad at all other than just tired which was obvious. No cough but if I forced myself to cough, yellowish phlegm would come out, but it was very rare. Took a shower for the 1st time in a while. Was pretty winded afterwards but not too bad. Taste and smell pretty close to 100% now. Still haven't slept since 4am. Still taking emergen-c, dayquil. Drank some chamomile tea and took some nyquil again with 10mg melatonin. Did not sleep one minute. Was scared to death. Mouth so dry. Felt like the my throat was closing up. Decided to lay down with girlfriend bc i didn't know what to do. Still couldn't sleep.

(Day 11) 7/6: Here I am still awake. Tried up until 1pm to sleep but to no avail. Ran to Walgreens to get a few things to help me sleep. Ashwagandha gummies for stress. Natural vitality calm magnesium supplement, and some zzzquil. Gonna try to not take melatonin anymore. Still taking Dayquil as precautionary. If I can't sleep tonight I don't know what to do. Should I go to the hospital or doctor? I have no idea. Oxygen levels still the same (97-99) Very very sore in my back and I can feel my lungs are weak. I think they just need to heal from inflammation. 

Some info about me. I'm obese (5'9, 270) but not really any preexisting conditions. Take zoloft and wellbutrin for depression and anxiety and then standard cetirizine for allergies. I have always been considered somewhat healthy other being told to lose weight. Don't smoke, but I used to use a dry herb vape for weed but I'm not touching that thing for a very very long time, maybe ever. I just really don't know what to do with this sleep thing. It's starting to scare me because I NEVER EVER have had trouble sleeping up until now. Sorry if some of this sounds incoherent. I just don't know what to do anymore. Unusual Symptoms such a hot prickling feeling on skin and pin and needles in hand.Hello, my family had covid several months ago. My symptoms were unusual I guess and figured I’d share in the event others experienced same. My first symptom was a headache in the back of my skull, with face pain (similar to a sinus infection). I also had a mild sore throat and dry cough that felt as if something was in my chest, but I couldn’t cough it up. I guess those are the more common symptoms, but I also had this reoccurring hot, prickly feeling on my skin that would come and go in waves. I also had pins and needle waves in my hand. I also had a dry and excess amount of bloody snot in my nose, that also formed a scab. Vertigo lasted for about a week. Never had a fever, or GI issues. All of these symptoms didn’t occur at once, but in stages. With that last of it being the hot prickly feeling on my skin, and pins and needles in my hand. From beginning to end, it lasted about 3 months. I’m 37 years old and O negative blood type. Thought I was done with this all but here we are...[deleted] Thought I was done with this all but here we are.... Possible re-infection or just another wave?Haven't posted too much but have been checking up on everything here pretty frequently. Apologies for the long post my anxiety is at an all time high right now and just need some support.

Back in mid march I got sick. Had all the classic symptoms (fever, chest/lung issues, short of breath, rash, loss of taste/smell, GI issues + many more). While I live in Brooklyn - at the time NYC was only testing high risk people and people exposed to a confirmed positive case and I was not able to get a test anywhere because I did not meet those requirements. My dr told me that I was presumed positive and to stay quarantined in my room away from my sister and pets until the fever and all symptoms went away. I did exactly that. Despite quarantining and taking all precautions my sister caught it a week later and had all the same symptoms minus the loss of taste and smell.

We both had "mild" cases, mine was a little worse than hers, and we both seemed to feel almost 80% back to normal after two weeks. About two weeks after I had "recovered" I started to feel symptoms again. The main issue this time was chest tightness, major shortness of breath and chest pains. About then was when I found this sub and discovered that it was possible to get a second wave of symptoms.  My doctor confirmed this. For about a month and a half or so after this I dealt with symptoms coming and going. The worst was the lingering shortness of breath which got in the way of my every day life. Symptoms would flare up whenever I over exerted myself or my anxiety was high. I slowly got myself almost back to normal. Kept to a strict healthy diet, did breathing exercises obsessively, rested as much as I could and did light yoga when I was feeling up to it. I got myself back to feeling about 95% back to normal.

Fast forward to three weeks ago - my grandfather (who i have not seen since the beginning of march) was admitted into the hospital with 102 fever and all the classic covid symptoms. He is strong and very healthy for his age and thankfully was released from the hospital a week later. He had to be released into my parents care as he was too weak to be on his own. Taking care of him has been tough on my parents so I took the chance and spent the weekend there to help them out. We have all been extremely careful in the house but as we all know with covid it is highly contagious. A few days later I started to feel some symptoms again. Very mild - but exactly the same things I was feeling for almost two and a half months straight back in march-may.

Now for myself I thought this was just another "wave" so I didn't think anything of it. My symptoms pretty much went away after a week and I am feeling ok now. But when my sister started to feel symptoms again a week later that is when I got nervous. What are the chances of us being on the exact same schedule for the "waves"? We have been feeling I would say about 95% back to normal for more than a month now. It just all seemed very strange especially since we have been around our grandfather. My doctor said there is not alot of evidence around re-infection but studies show antibodies can fade quickly and no one really knows.

Anyway, my sister and I got a PCR nasal swab test on Thursday 7/2 and have been quarantining since. They said it can take up to 7 days to get the results back. I do not regret my decision to go help out my parents as they were really struggling. I cannot imagine going through this all again if we do test positive. I am thankful we both recovered and did not have any major issues but it really took a toll on both of us. Hoping for the best and trying to stay calm until then.....

Thanks for reading. Hope everyone is doing well. When does fatigue go away?Seems like it comes and goes randomly. I haven’t tried exercising yet, but is the chance of having long term fatigue (longer than 3 weeks or so) more likely than not? Day 14Just got my results &amp; i was negative for Covid but it’s definitely a false-negative as I felt like crap 14 days ago &amp; started feeling like my usual self on day 12 two days ago. Sure, I’ll bite. Why not?I got tested this morning and was told I’ll have to wait roughly 7 days for the result. Here’s the timeline:

Day 1: Was dry coughing for most of the day. At the time I attributed it to seasonal allergies because it wouldn’t be the first time that’s happened. I also attributed it to visiting a work site I haven’t gone to very often and probably inhaled something weird in the building. Whatever. It happens.

Day 2: Occasional coughing, some of it like I had some crap in my lungs that needed out. Felt more congested than usual. Equilibrium was starting to feel a little iffy. But again, seasonal allergies (wahoo).

Day 3: Occasional coughing, nasal congestion, food was starting to lose flavor but I could still taste and smell a lot of it. But my equilibrium was feeling waaaaay off all day. Which in the past for me was a sign I caught some kind of something.

Day 4: Same as day 3 except I lost a bit more of my sense of taste and my equilibrium was back to normal.

Day 5: Complete loss of taste and smell. Decided to look up symptoms of COVID-19 as I recall hearing about loss of smell/taste as one of the symptoms that I couldn’t easily attribute to seasonal allergies. Couldn’t enjoy wedding anniversary dinner. Sad panda.

Day 6: Still no sense of taste/smell. Became ornery.

Day 7: Today. Still no sense taste/smell. Really miss dessert...

I had no headaches. No sore throat. And I miss enjoying food. I haven’t gotten tested yet, but this has been a weird experienceOne second I’m weak, sluggish, and my chest pains are really bad, the next I’m slightly energetic with just a slight discomfort in my chest.

But the weirdest thing has been my appetite, it’s during those feel good stages that I get SUPER hungry, then afterwards I go back to being in pain and feeling super sick. 

It’s day 4 and I started coughing now, too. Not too much, it’s just when my throat get filled with mucus. 

I’m kinda hopeful I’ll push through this. It sucks that I can’t get tested because it costs $80. I feel like in the middle of a pandemic testing should be free, but maybe it’s just to lower the case numbers... COVID Positive in PrisonI just spoke with my prison penpal, and he's recovering from COVID. He told me that they're just letting the virus spread through the prison. He said that the virus came in with the kitchen supply deliveries, and spread through the kitchen staff. It's absolutely inhumane to neglect basic health protection and food hygiene like this. While he was sick he was sent to a quarantine ward. Every day they were checking vitals and giving ibuprofen. It really broke my heart to hear his experience. I can't imagine having to deal with this sickness with so few resources and so little communication with other people and the outside world. I don't know what I would do without all of you on this subreddit. He was so happy to speak to another COVID survivor about the experience. Even though he's only been better for about 3 weeks, he seems to have all the problems that us long haulers have. I told him what I know, what the doctor told me, what I've read here, what I've tried, in the hopes that it might help him. Unfortunately the available medical care is limited to aspirin, and not much else. My heart goes out to him and to all the people suffering from this illness while trapped in this system that doesn't care if they live or die. The early/mid-March mystery casesI’ve heard of so many people that became severely ill in early to mid March but were denied testing, and finally when antibody testing is made available for many it’s been months since they were sick so the antibody testing is inconclusive. (I am one of these March cases as well). Who else out there has a similar story?


I became extremely ill in mid March. I was sick for three weeks and the fourth week I’m chalking up to anxiety/insomnia due to my being so sick during a pandemic. I am a healthy 39yo female. 

My symptoms were:

• Shivering uncontrollably while feeling overheated
• Inability to regulate body temp (would be freezing cold then sweating/hot)
• waking up drenched in sweat
• sore throat, sinuses/throat/lungs felt like they were on fire or like someone covered them in icy hot 
• body aches and fatigue that had me bedridden
• facial flushing, hot flashes, burning sensation on my skin that felt like icy hot
• diarrhea, nausea, loss of appetite - eating was torture I had to force myself to eat. I lost 20 lbs
• very sore/aching back of neck and shoulders
• exhaustion/weakness - walking downstairs and back left me out of breath, heart racing and fatigued
• Headache that radiated begins my eyes and straight through my brain between my temples.
• I could breathe okay, but I felt like there was a tight band wound around my rib cage. Breathing was sometimes hard but I chalked that up to my anxiety. 
• Very vivid, surreal odd dreams.

I had my husband stay downstairs away from me and isolated myself upstairs during this time because I was assuming COVID. I remember thinking I wasn’t gonna make it at one point. What I went through changed me forever. I didn’t sleep in our bedroom for weeks afterwards because of the association with this illness. My husband remodeled our bedroom so that I wouldn’t be reminded of this nightmare experience.

This virus played some sick mind games with me. I had so many intermittent moments where I felt better (which gave me such hope) and where I thought I was on the upswing (finally!) only to get knocked back down again HARD. It made me lose hope in ever feeling better again. Now that it’s been almost 4 months I’m finally feeling pretty normal but I did seem to develop GERD after this whole ordeal.

I couldn’t get tested in mid March because I didn’t meet the criteria (didn’t have known contact with someone who tested positive and I didn’t have a cough). When I was finally approved for antibody testing it was 3 months later and my levels were .25 (you need 1.0 to be considered positive) so that was a negative. 

I wish there was a way to KNOW if I had it. 

Will those of us who were sick early on and denied testing ever be able to know? The not knowing has driven me insane! 24. Female. Hypothyroidism. Slightly overweight. Otherwise healthy.
Basically I’m terrified and just want to know how y’all got through the heavy chest and difficult breathing feelings. And at what point is it time to go to the hospital if I need to go? I have health anxiety so this is absolutely terrifying for me and I’m just looking for some comfort getting through this. WARNING TO ALLPosted a few days ago and asked to repost. 


Everyone, 

Thursday I learned that if you wake up and your rings or watch suddenly feel tight or you have a hard time sliding them off. It’s likely you are suffering from inflammation and not weight gain. 

I have been sick since January from what doctors can tell. I have lost 27lbs from February to now. The strange thing is I would wake up feeling awful, heavy and in pain as if I had gained 10lbs overnight. I would check my scale and see I had actually lost weight. It didn’t make sense. I’m small as it is and my clothes felt uncomfortable and tight despite not having gained any weight. 

I believe the things that saved me were not consuming dairy as it causes both inflammation and phlegm, having an inhaler for what was thought to be asthma (it wasn’t), having been put on Vitamin D supplements by my Specialist as last year in March my levels were 23, I was working in the yard helping my husband and getting lots of sun, and since I consume no dairy my husband would have me drink Vitamin D fortified Orange Juice daily during some of my worst days. I also consume lots of fruit. 

It was explained to me that Vitamin D helps to regulate the immune system thus regulating the inflammatory response. 

“Recent work has revealed that 1,25(OH)2D3 inhibited production of proinflammatory cytokines, including IFNγ, IL-17, and IL-21 in CD4+CD25− T lymphocytes, and promoted development of T-regulatory cells expressing cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4 and FOXP334 (Figure 2).”

Again it was explained that elderly and chronic disease are high risk because they share a commonality. Vitamin D deficiency. I guess the two populations are more likely to be sedentary which can result in not getting enough Vitamin D. Being a rare disease patient myself I found this to be quite true, which is why I had been put on supplements last year. 

Coincidentally I had also been put on stimulant medication to aid in the decrease of Executive Functioning due to permanent brain damage from my disease. ADHD/ADD, EFD and Narcolepsy. The stimulant medication had the added benefit of allowing me some mobility back and once that hit, I was able to walk and move about without my wheelchair and be more independent. I believe that increase it mobility helped with not only getting more sun, physical activity and being able to enjoy being outdoors but stimulants also act a moderate bronchodilator so I could actually breathe easier as well. It kept me upright rather than laying down all the time. 

I had to increase fluid intake as they stimulants can be dehydrating and in addition I had to increase electrolytes as they can also cause you to sweat. It’s anecdotal but I feel that sweating in the yard, increased fluid while outside and then immediate hot showers from feeling gross helped my body purge the virus faster than if I had been stuck in bed. 

Now I am just left with residual effects and inflammation. I just got diagnosed with horrific chest pain that we thought was a heart attack. It’s actually Costocondritis, an inflammation of the chest wall, often caused by virus or infection. 

I am not a doctor, just a patient who is believed to have contracted this in January due to several unexplained evidential findings that do in fact line up with symptoms currently being reported. I’ve been told antibody tests 5+ months out from contracting the virus are not reliable, so we’ll likely never have confirmation. I hope this information makes sense and can help even just one person. 

I also noticed when I was sick I could not sing. I come from a Blues Musician! I can sing again now! It’s a great lung exercise so I also recommend you guys sing even just alone or in a hot steamy shower. 

Be safe and stay healthy! A time log of eventsBegan running fever yesterday at 12:00 after having been exposed to 2 positive co-workers.  Figured someone may find it interesting from the perspective of a type 1 diabetic.


Covid-19 Notes
Below are a series of notes, thoughts, and observations during my time with Covid-19.  I hope it can be of some use to, well, anyone.  


12:00- 99.8
1:30- 100.3
2:30- 100.7
4:30- 101.0
5:00-100.7
7:00- 100.8 Ibuprofen x 3
8:00- 99.6
8:45- 99.2
9:45- 98.8
12:30 - 100.7.  EXTREME shivering  to the point of being out of breathe - vomiting x 2 - diarrhea x 2, attempted ibuprofen x 8
1:50-103.2 but feel better
2:13- 102.7 - got out of bed, no more sleep tonight.
2:25 - 101.7 previous high temp likely due to Melissa helping me stay warm with her body heat, being wrapped in pajama bottoms, a hoodie, and 3 sheets.
2:37- diarrhea.  Smells different from “normal” diarrhea.  Somehow hot and angry as all hell.
3:00- 101.7
3:15- 101 - diarrhea.  Starting to feel cold.  Observed hands swelling, removed wedding ring. Ibuprofen x 4
4:15: 101.8 - slept an hour and woke up sweating.  Serious concerns over dehydration.
4:31- 101.3
5:01 -  100.3  lseem to be sleeping in 30 minute intervals. Still sweating.
5:45 - 99.5.  Stomach cramps been constant.
6:00 - ibuprofen x 4, Imodium x 2
7:00 - woke up to vomit and poop.  Imodium number 3.
8:00 - 102.3 woke up covered in sweat. Feel better atm.
8:40 - diarrhea and Imodium no 4
9:20 - 100.3 1000mg Tylenol
10:40 - 99.8
10:55 - 99.4
11:50 - 99.2
12:40 - 98.3. Feel better.  
1:00 - 99.3
2:45 - 99.4 1000mg Tylenol.  Feel like shit.  Chill starting to come back.  Drinking water causes stomach cramps.  Diarrhea won’t stop despite 6 Imodium.
2:55 - 99.9
3:30-100
4:00- 100.3. I’ve read nicotine helps combat the virus.  Using tobacco for first time today.  Not unpleasant, not enjoyable.  Drank approximately 1.5 gallons of water by this point, still pissing vinegar. Neurological symptomsAwaiting test results but the doc says he is 99% sure I’ve got c19.


I’m wondering if anyone else is experiencing a cascade of neurological symptoms? My first being a near constant headache that I originally mistook for a migraine, being a long-time migraine with aura sufferer. I’ve had some mild upper respiratory/cough  and very low-grade fever, but by and large the worst has been the headache and now a very distinct nerve tingling in both legs.

For context, I have previous nerve damage from a horseback riding fall and subsequent surgery as well as a history of hemiplegic migraine and preeclampsia with both pregnancies, so I’m already at risk for neurological/vascular symptoms. I generally have nerve pain under control with gabapentin and high CBD/low THC vape oil, but this is now BOTH legs, and it’s more like a low buzzing feeling and painless twitching vs the actual pain I have experienced in the past.


Has anyone else had this? I feel like this virus is attacking every cell in my body and I HATE it so much. Help returning to the worldHi survivors. Like most of us I’m a long hauler who’s been battling for quite a while. Luckily I’ve been having a lot more good days then bad days and am being cautiously optimistic on returning to a somewhat normal life. However my time in isolation and battling this disease has made me very nervous about interactions or getting close to people. How can I mentally prepare myself to return to see my family, be with my girlfriend, or go out into the world with out being afraid of everyone. I feel like I’m mentally destroyed from this and have no trust in anybody, even the people I love and am closest too. It’s runing my relationships and has made me a shell of the person I once was. Has anyone found a way to cope with similar feelings and managed to incorporate themselves into the world again? Any1 feel a watery, wet feeling?When i rub my arms they feel wet, but they are dry on the outside. I feel like theres water running down my legs even tho they aren't wet and theres no liquid

I feel the same feeling in my chest too. Recovery seems to be going backwardsI was off work for about 4 weeks with presumed covid

The doctors, 111, etc all stated they're certain I had covid

After 4 weeks or so off work, I started on reduced hours working from home. 2 hours, 4 hours, 6 hours and am meant to be on 8 hours now but haven't been able to as i am just too exhausted

On Friday I had to go off work sick again as I couldn't stay awake. I wasn't making any sense, couldn't sit upright really and was utterly exhausted

This has continued over the weekend again and I have got a tight chest again, my temp is higher than normal and I am all jumbled again. And I've got random bruising which has no explanation AGAIN. 

Has anyone found they're feeling like they are going backwards again? Or started showing symptoms again when they thought they were getting better? Results came back negative, here's why that's bad...So as the title says, my results for a lab taken June 30th (Tuesday) came back negative. Rejoice right? 

I find myself in a predicament now. The problem is that the full body rash that followed my fever, tachycardia, chest pain, shortness of breath, searing headache and continuous body aches / fatigue are unexplainable. 

That, and the 14 days work forced me to take off for being sick will go uncompensated and I am short on bills.

The money will be sorted, thankfully we have a small emergency fund to pull from, but my real concern is this: I find myself with a full body rash and other ailments that I attributed to Covid and am now being told it is unrelated.

Do you guys think I should get retested? My partner's results have yet to return but she is asymptomatic which I'm thankful for. Should we wait for her results? Am I forcing a square peg into a round hole? I feel like I'm losing my mind and could use some guidance now more than ever. Thank you, stay healthy everyone Loss of taste and everything suddenly smells horribleI recently had a NDE where I suffered some nerve damage in my leg. I was unconscious for several minutes and stopped breathing. 

A few days later I lost my sense of taste and now everything smells the same. It's a VERY unpleasant scent. This is my only symptom.

Toothpaste, listerine, my favorite candle, soap, laundry detergent, hand sanitizer, they all have this underlying odd smell. It's driving me absolutely crazy. I don't know if this is covid or related to my NDE but I just got tested and will have the results in by the end of this coming week. 

This is horrific. Day (10 or 11) - things that helped me26M no underlying conditions - I’ve had symptoms for about 10 or 11 days now. Gone through chest pains, congestion, loss of smell/taste, shortness of breath, fatigue, slight cough, dizziness, and intense brain fog. 

Some of the things that I found really helpful were:
- Teas (oregano and onion) sounds really gross but I couldn’t really taste it lol but it definitely helped me 
- inhaling steam from boiling eucalyptus leaves sometimes drops of eucalyptus to help with the breathing 
- I took ibuprofen (still taking it) 
- reading things about others progression (it’s easy to let anxiety take over. Just remember most of us will be fine and it’ll pass) 
- doing things to calm me down (for me it was praying) 
- resting, but it’s good to get up and get a bit of sun if you can even if only for a little 
- DayQuil for some of the other symptoms 
- stay hydrated and eat if even just a little 
-buy an oximeter (helps calm me down to know my oxygen levels were ok) 

Just wanted to let everyone know it sucks sometimes but you’ll pull through! What should I do about living with someone who possibly has COVID-19?My older brother(16) was experiencing diarrhea and vomiting last night and now today he says he has a headache,chest pains,nausea,and difficulty breathing. He is going to get tested tomorrow to see whether or not he has it,if he does have COVID what should I do about living with him to avoid contracting it myself? Anyone have similar experience?I’ve had a dry cough starting two weeks ago. Assumed it was seasonal allergies but then I got a runny nose, next dull taste buds, body aches and on/off low grade fever, extreme fatigue (couldn’t get up out of bed) and passing a lot of gas since Thursday evening. I had no appetite and night sweats on Friday along with all the same symptoms. Saturday morning I woke up with back pain which was new. Later that day my appetite was back and taste buds were back to normal. 

I wasn’t improving with the other symptoms and wanted to get checked out. I went to an urgent care which had testing on site available. I told the DR all my symptoms and she said I most likely have Covid-19. I got swabbed and will be notified of my results in the next 2 days. I hate to say this but I’m hoping it’s positive cause it would mean I’m not crazy. 

Anyone have something similar? Am i relapsing or did i get reinfected?I'm a week 11 long hauler, my breathing became fine to the point that i was living my life the way i usually do and felt good. I thought i had finally recovered and was full of hope but ever since the last 3-4 days my breathing has been total shit again.

It feels like im back on week 1 but slightly better and its devastating. I'm sick and tired of this virus. My mental state is deteriorating. I can't take it anymore.

I THOUGHT I WAS FINALLY DONE WITH IT

Also just some food for thought but the number of relapse/reinfected posts on this sub are slowly increasing. Is the virus mutating? Recovery check for long haulers at 20 Weeks+. Anu updates, please??? need to hear from you guys. Symptom Question-Irritation inside of Nose/RashI posted in a certain post about my symptoms, one being an extremely painful headache in the back of the head, along with frequent tingling of the hands and a bout of vertigo for about a week. Has anyone also experienced a rash/scab like irritation inside their nose. This occurred for a prolonged period of time, the inside of my nose was extremely dry. Awaiting results 24 year old male, healthy besides I suffer from regular pvcs ( heart palpitations )Hello all,

To start I have done everything right masks, hand washing, no gathering etc. Only thing was having to go back to work and being the only person masked. However about a week ago I started feeling "off"... dizzy, fatigued, headaches, almost like my bones hurt too weird I know, nausea. No fever, oxygen levels good. The rest of the symptoms are making me feel miserable.. I know I'm not positive yet but man I have to be. Anyone relate? Also to add I'll have days where I feel great and then boom back on to feeling terrible, it's been about a week. Throbbing pain in arm as a symptom.I am on track to recovery now but I just remembered one of the symptoms I had was my entire arm felt like a pressure build up, it felt like it was going to explode. Combined with a horrible pins and needles feeling. I’m on track to recovery but thought I’d put it out there if other people experienced something similar? I can't tell if it's coming or goingSo two weeks ago our son's ABA therapist tested positive for Covid-19. We decided to stay in for two weeks just to be safe. 
About a week and half later he was having some stomach issues so we called his doctor and she set up a test for last Thursday. I didn't think he had Covid until I woke up that day and wasn't feeling great. He took the test and it came back positive. 
He is a messy toddler so I figured it was safe to assume we have it. 
My wife has been asymptomatic if she has it (being in the same house with us, would it be possible that she didn't?)
I am now having symptoms about two weeks from when my son most likely got exposed. I have no sense of smell, I have a lot of body aches, mostly my legs and lower back, but they come and go. I have got close to a fever, but never a fever. I have a lot of fatigue and slight headaches. 
I just woke up to my 4th day of symptoms. Should I expect this to get worse? If it's a mild case, how long can I expect this to last? 21-year-old with Asthmatic historyJune 30th started with bad diarrhea. Then it progressed to a fever. Chills. Night sweats. it's currently July 3rd and I feel good in the day but seem to get bad at night. 

I've exposed my twin brother (21), mom (50), dad (51), and possibly sister (16). I'm really worried about them. I won't be able to live with myself if I lose one of them due to my carelessness. Shortness of Breath but O2 NormalOn day 21.   Thought I was recovering but Temp and SOB came back even worse. Wondering if others have had this experience where they have SOB for a day or two but O2 stays above 95 the entire time.  Asking because I was told to not bother going to the hospital if O2 is above 90, but SOB feels bad that in any other circumstance I would be calling an ambulance. Blood in phlegm a symptom?Hi all! I just stumbled across this sub while looking for information on possible symptoms not typical of CV. I was exposed to someone who tested positive on 6/28 and myself was tested 7/2, still waiting for results. During this past week, I've only really developed a sore throat and slight cough. This morning, however, I coughed up phlegm with blood in it. Definitely didn't have a bloody nose and I really haven't been coughing a lot, maybe a like 5 coughs a day. Is this a possible symptom? I am freaking out and not sure if I'm overthinking. My breathing has been okay, I have been on/off with congestion and I feel hot at times but no alarming fever. A WARNING TO ALL[removed] Symptoms coming in waves?I have read about this online and even here and this sub, but I find it so strange. On Monday, 6/29, I woke up with the most mild sore throat I have ever had. The next day I had a serious headache, sore throat, and had extreme dizzy spells. At that point I suspected I had it, but still wasn't sure until the day after when I had extreme pain in my chest and my entire body was fatigued by noon. What's strange is, whenever I wake up in the morning, I feel totally fine. Then as the day progresses I start to feel worse and worse. Anyone else experiencing that? Presumed positive and losing my mind31M, no known health issues.

I believe that I was exposed on 6/25 or earlier. I shared a truck with my coworker on 6/16, 6/17, 6/18, 6/24 and 6/25. He suddenly began to feel ill on 6/25. He was tested 6/26, and got his positive results on 6/30.

Here's my timeline.

6/25 - presumed exposure.

6/27 - scratchy throat off and on/small amount of nasal congestion.

6/28 - scratchy throat off and on/small amount of nasal congestion.

6/29 - scratchy throat off and on/small amount of nasal congestion. Very fatigued.

6/30 - scratchy throat off and on/small amount of nasal congestion.

7/1 - tested, awaiting results. This is also the day that I noticed an almost entire lack of smell and most taste. I could catch whiffs of very strong scents like garlic and mouthwash. Breathing through my nose felt odd, almost metallic, difficult to describe.

7/2 - small amount of congestion in left ear. Breathing through my nose felt odd, almost metallic, difficult to describe.

7/3 - small amount of congestion in left ear. Garlic smelled a little stronger today. Breathing through my nose still feels odd, almost metallic, difficult to describe, the feeling is not as intense as previous days, but still noticeable.

I've had some fatigue almost every day. I've been sleeping 10+ hours per night.

How I'm treating myself so far:

Water with electrolyte powder, tea occasionally.

Multivitamin, 11MG zinc tablet every 4ish hours (cold remedy tablet), 6000IU of Vitamin D daily, DayQuil, and NyQuil.

I'm a reader, when something is wrong, I read and research to the point where I drive myself nuts. I've been reading a lot in this sub about symptoms, complications, durations, remedies, herbal treatments, etc.

I've nearly convinced myself that every ache, pain, weird feeling, etc, is a complication of COVID, and I'm nervous.

I'm on the verge of ordering NAC, quercetin, zinc supplements, and maybe some green tea extract. I'm not 100% sure how to dose all these and if they will do more harm than good.

At this point, every day I wake up without more symptoms is good, though I am terrified that this is suddenly gonna take a bad turn.

tl;dr: presumed positive, doing too much reading, scaring myself. Anyone still having GI issues?Almost 4 complete months of symptoms and still have gi issues. Its gotten better in the sense that I have hunger now thankfully. But my liver feels bloated and had dull pains. Feel nauseous a lot nowadays when in the beginning months i didnt. White Blood CellsI’ve had symptoms since March but the lingering symptoms are cough and SOB. I took a bunch of test including CT scan, EKG, echocardiography which all turned out normal. However, one thing that didn’t fall within normal range from my blood test is my eosinophils count (white blood cells) which are pretty high. I’m wondering if anyone have the same issue? Need advice as I self quarantine myself?Hi everyone, so I'm not sure if I'm posting in the right subreddit, but I just wanted some advice. 

I started with a fever Monday 6/30 and called off work since. The fever lasted 2 days and on Wednesday I had a massive headache that developed into a sinus ache and later that evening I couldn't smell anything. I felt tired throughout up until Thursday and today I actually just feel like I have a mild cold with some runny nose and inflamed nasal passageways. (Still can't taste or smell anything). I'm scheduled to be tested on the 7th but my car actually just started misfiring with the check engine light flashing and everything. 

My issue is, is that I don't know if I have covid, but on the off chance that I do, I have to wait to take my car to the mechanic so that I don't spread whatever I have. And I can't move my car at the risk of it getting worse, so that means I can't get tested (because I can't move my car). So, what should I do? Wait a full 2 weeks before going to see anyone? I actually live alone so I can't really ask anyone for a ride or for help without risking them as well. Is it safe for two positive people to interact with each other?[removed] Day 112: Completely RecoveredHi everyone!

It’s been a few weeks since I’ve needed to be on here but I remember how scary it was on days 50, 60, 70, and 80 seeing little to no reports of recovery in long-haulers like myself. I wanted to come back to share that I am confident in saying I feel completely recovered now. My turning point was around around 80 days in and since day 90 or so, I’ve been cautiously optimistic as I only continued to improve further. 

Three weeks ago, I started incorporating more walking and stretching and stepped up to pilates and yoga with, finally, no post-exertion relapse. Last weekend, I exerted myself planning tennis in the heat and suffered no ill consequences. Happily, I feel like me again and needed to share the good news in case you’re on day 80 wondering if this is your life now. 

Things I think made a difference for me with bearing in mind we’re all unique and I’m not a doctor:

- I can’t stress this one enough. I stopped monitoring my vitals so closely. I was taking my temp several times a day, checking my pulse oxygen and heart rate constantly, taking my blood pressure and constantly worrying about why I was still encountering poor vitals. Your body cannot heal if you won’t let it out of fight or flight by staying hyper vigilante. Start small. I told myself I wouldn’t take my heart rate for a day and built from there. 

- Supplements I took that I feel were of value to me: NAC, high dose Vitamin C, Zinc, liposomal glutathione, beef liver, lysine, glutamine. 

- Get outside. For the sun, for the fresh air. Your body needs both desperately. 

- Take this time to unplug and recharge. Read a book. Sit out in a hammock. Listen to music you love. Watch movies that make you laugh. Get yourself out of fight or flight. 

- For the anxiety: chamomile tea, cut out coffee, CBD, l-theanine, melatonin (small dose). 

- Low carb. This made a huge difference for me. I traditionally eat low carb but had relaxed that while I was sick, not wanting to stress my body getting back into ketosis. I finally took the plunge again around day 80 and coincidence or not, I haven’t looked back at a relapse since. 

Everyone is individual. This is what I think helped me but, of course, I have no way of knowing what if anything made the difference. 

Stay positive. You can and you will get better. Need an adviceI'm desperate

My mother (she is 67 years old) bought a medicine by phone and the delivery man came on a motorcycle and attended without a mask. They talked for a few seconds ...

what should I do now? 21 days of mild fever ever afternoon/eveningAnyone else experience a mild fever for this long?  Any tips on what help break it? I'm hoping to have 3 days in a row o I can leave this room I've been isolated in. Using Nicotine Replacement Therapy With COVIDI am on Nicotine Replacement therapy (quit ecig a year ago using lozenges and now patches) and am wondering if anyone else has gone through COVID while using them, or if anyone has any thoughts on whether or not there is benefit in trying to reduce dosage?  I know they both interact with the same receptors (ACE2) and that the benefit/risk of Nicotine is unclear.  I guess my question is, does anyone  think there is a benefit to reducing dosage or stopping altogether?  I am on day 21 of mild fevers and intermittent SOB. Recovering, finally at four months in.I'm finally able to step up my exercise without shortness of breath or flareups.  I'm happy.  It feels as though you are in an altered reality when sick, and slip back to being capable of doing more when you recover.  I really attribute some of this to the four-month life span of red blood cells, as Covid also interferes with hemoglobin and I had really, really thick blood. It's finally recycled to healthy blood. Long Haulers, hang in there.   Things do improve. Mask purchasing adviceI have been getting by at a high contact workplace without wearing a mask and looks like the day is fast approaching where I will be mandated by the state and my workplace to wear one. 

I am one of those wonderful people who actually becomes ill from wearing a mask- surgical or fabric. I never had issues wearing a surgical mask or sports buff before but ever since I came down with the virus, my lungs are shot and I get asthma attacks from them. A kind friend gave me a cloth fabric mask and I nearly fainted while wearing it out on a walk with her.

Anyone here get similar reactions and what kind of mask did you find that helped you to breathe better without adverse reactions. I am willing to look like I'm living in a fallout movie or look like Darth Vader, just don't want to do resort to my workplace advice of going to HR and them handing me the accommodation of remote work. 

What is a good reliable place to get a mask on-line or what type should I look for? Thank you kindly. Need Help with Gastrointestinal IssuesHello Everyone,

I'm posting on my mothers behalf and asking a few questions about what supplements and medicine would help with her condition. She has been dealing with the gastrointestinal form of COVID-19 since Saturday July 27th. 

Her symptoms include: migraines, chills, aches, fever (that has since broken), extreme fatigue, loss of smell, nausea and diarrhea.

As of now she is mostly taking vitamin C, staying hydrated with Gatorade and trying to eat what little she can.

Does anyone have advice/experience with probiotics or other medicine to soothe her COVID diarrhea? She has Ulcertive Colitis which has obviously begun to flare up from the GI issues. She mostly spends her days sleeping and shitting, and I want to be able to help her anyway I can.

Thanks! Has anyone had a baby test positive for covid-19?[removed] Early days, some things I can do to prepare?I have a fever, so the symptoms mild. Was tested Tuesday will get results Monday. Very likely positive. Is there a sticky or thread explain all the things that are smart to do to make it better? I've heard things like sleep in stomach, breathing exercises... What about the Tylenol. Should I take it if the pain isn't too bad? Isn't a fever good?

Any special: exercises, foods, breathing regimes, activity regimes, ways to sit, stand, sleep, OTC to take, or not take, food to avoid? 

Thanks! Anyone else noticing blue veins?I'm over 100 days in and currently coping with unexplained sinus tachycardia, and some kind of dysautonomia or vascular issues that are looking a lot like POTS.  Something weird that's catching my attention lately - I'm pretty tan and yet I'm noticing a lot of blue veins showing through my skin.  The ones in my hands, arms, and feet become more prominent and dimensional after exertion of any kind, but veins all over my body are more noticeably blue than usual even at rest.  Just curious if this is happening to anyone else. My mom was given a positive diagnosis a few days ago. Yesterday I woke up feeling bad. Today my doctor gave me a presumptive positive diagnosis. I don’t know what to expect. I’m scared.I have a low grade fever, constant headache, sore throat, dry cough and extreme fatigue. My chest feels just a little bit heavy. 

Hospitals in my area are close to or at 100% capacity. 

I know my mom and I will probably recover, but the uncertainty is so hard. 

I need some encouragement. Long termers - will it be like this forever?Hi,

I’ve been reading posts on here for a while now and they have been a great comfort to me.  I thought it would be a good idea to reach out in the hope that those who have recovered can shed some light/ those who are in the same boat as me don’t feel alone. Please excuse me if I’m rambling, I’ve not written a post on here before. 

For context, I’m young (27 f) and before symptoms set in I exercised (boxing, weights and cardio) 5-7 times a week. 

I started feeling unwell on the evening of March 10th 2020. I worked from home on March 11 and 12. I felt a little better on the 12th so I returned to the office on March 13 thinking I had just been experiencing a cold. I started to feel awful in the office (SOB, dizzy, general malaise) - I was sent home from work and called NHS 111 (I’m from the UK) I was told to self isolate for 7 days.

A few days later, I was convinced I was better and that the slight cough I was developing was just a “hangover” from the previous few days’ symptoms. 

On March 17 my symptoms got worse and I went to bed (headache, SOB, dizziness) and the cough I had started to get nasty. It was dry with a hacking sound. I recall my scalp being super sensitive to any kind of touch. 

About 7 days later I felt better. I took it easy and tried to ease myself into exercise. I did a combination of weights and cardio. After weights I would feel more tired than usual but during and after cardio I noticed discomfort in my lungs and slight wheezing. I once again stupidly put this down to a “hangover” of symptoms. 

On March 31 I could feel something was wrong - I was very dizzy and I couldn’t stand or support my body properly. This led to weeks of being pretty much bed-ridden. It was somewhat of a blur and my symptoms fluctuated between awful headaches, pressure in the head, the hacking cough (which towards the end became less dry) body aches, SOB (eased by lying on my stomach or in child’s pose). I made frequent calls to 111 and one call to 999. I was told I was not going to be tested as I was not severe enough (at this point in the UK 111 was saying only those in hospital were being tested) but I was told that I most likely had covid by the 111 handler, a private GP(who put me on 7 days of antibiotics), the ambulance dispatch and an NHS doctor. Towards the end of this period, showers eased the SOB. 

I returned to working from home on April 20. I took time off of exercise and alcohol (I had seen someone suggest it on here). After a while it got easier to go for walks. I increased the distance and thought I was pretty much out of the woods. On the days I relapsed, symptoms included dizziness, pressure in head, general malaise and an infrequent cough, on one day I coughed maybe three times in the day which was a great improvement. On other days, nothing at all. My lung scan came back normal as did my blood test other than showing I was on the lower end of normal for vitamin D. I had been taking vitamins after seeing it recommended on here but I have since increased my vitamin D dosage upon the recommendation of my doctor. 

Up until recently, I had felt much better and was considering doing a post on here to share my experience. Any relapses I did have started to only last half a day. I was starting to be able to drink teeny amounts of alcohol without relapsing and I could walk longer distances - I even started yoga and considered trying to ease into a relatively “easy” workout routine. I thought I was over the worst of it and that my relapses would get less and less severe/frequent. 

This weekend, however, that all changed. I did have a small amount of alcohol on the weekend so that could be why but on Sunday the exhaustion set in and on Monday and Tuesday I ended up spending most of the day in bed. The headaches returned, as did a cough, I had a sore throat and the pressure/dizziness returned. I’m still experiencing the headache, fatigue and dizziness now. 

I’m beginning to feel really low - I’m worried that I will be like this for the foreseeable future. Before this I was incredibly active and healthy and I’m worried I won’t be able to return to my previously active life. 

I was wondering if any of you are  having similar experiences? Are you aware of any long-termers that have recovered?

Thanks. When will my smell and taste come back?My family tested positive for COVID about 2 weeks ago. I've been recovering since then and I almost feel fine again despite a little fatigue.  The only thing that hasn't come back to me though is my sense of smell and taste. I couldn't even smell garlic and my feel like my taste is still limited with some foods. Just today I was able to smell onions again, but I had to put it right up to my nose to smell anything. I was wondering if there was anything I could do to bring them back quicker or at least know when I can expect them to return. I've read stories about people not being able to smell or taste ever again, but I'm hoping I won't end up like that. I contracted it from my parents and I would do it again in a heart beat.I’m writing to you from AZ, and we’re getting our ass kicked. My mom and dad are pushing their 80s and both have serious health issues. They both ended up in the hospital with extreme fatigue and a UTI but thank god nothing respiratory besides my dads xrays looking rough. They both testes positive. I spent the next 3 days helping them in their home, my mother was so weak I had to carry her from her toilet to her bed and I helped cook, clean, and supplied their pantry too. I’m super happy to say they are slowly on the mend.

This was exactly a week ago. I took precautions and wore a mask yada yada but knew I was exposing myself. Going to sleep last night my chest felt weird, like my heart was pounding out of my chest. Well I woke up today shaking from the chills, feeling like my skull is cracked, and aching all over. With a bit of gastric issues. My HR and BP were elevated way out of normal ranges for me. I was told that’s because my immune system is ramping up. With the state being on fire it took me a while to find a clinic that still had swabs. This was BEFORE 11AM!! Due to back log of kits it should be a week before I get results but I was told “assume you have it. We’re assuming you do”. 

All these symptoms are coming in waves of feeling nothing to feeling crushed by the world. This sucks and it’s only started but reflecting on my choices I didn’t catch it being a knob. I did it helping people I love who need me. I’d do it again in a flash knowing full well I’d feel like I do now. I’m hoping for a mild case and controlling what I can but let’s see where this goes. Burning legs after 3 months?Hi all, I'm not really sure what to make of this anymore. 


My initial symptoms were fever, chest pain, dry mouth, fatigue, pain and burning in my legs and the covid toes. Around March 20th. 
I had a PCR test within a week-ish which came back negative. However due to my symptoms the dr said I could be positive and I isolated for 2 months (my choice). The symptoms continued into April and May, on and off fever, leg pain, tingling, chest pain. CRP in my blood showed inflammation high at the onset of the illness in March and went down over time with follow ups. D-dimer normal. By far the worst was the leg issues, the sensations would keep me up all night. 
I've had blood tests, mri, ct scan thru the 2 months. They also tested me for other conditions of which I have absolutely none. My last dr visit showed everything pretty much back to normal at the end of May. My symptoms have all pretty much gone away from the start of June. 


By far the oddest was the toes. Initially the dr dismissed them as unrelated because in March nobody knew anything. They swelled up bright red for about a week, then turned purple and kind of shrank back down. Stayed purple for about a month and then they went back to normal. I recently came across the paper where spanish (or french?) Doctors studied the toes and the patients all tested negative by pcr but in a biopsy of the toes, they found the virus in the endothelial cells. (I wish I had gotten a biopsy). 


My current issue. Toes have begun acting up a couple days ago. Not swollen but tingling and vibrating sensation, and reddish. Tonight my legs started burning again, I'm currently being kept up by this. I feel like I can feel the blood in my veins and it's really hot. The skin is hot to the touch too if I compare it to my arm or elsewhere. 


I'm concerned, on one hand, I never had any test confirmation I had the virus so I'm worried I caught it now and what I had in March was not covid. 
On the other hand if I did have the virus, sudden return of symptoms is worrying. Should I get checked for nerve damage or vasculitis? Guillain-barre? I'm reasonably hesitant to keep waltzing in and out of the hospital. I'm not sure what kind of doctor I need to see at this point or what tests. 


Just looking for a little help, if anyone is going thru the same or knows a bit more. &lt;3 cheers 29M Most likely positive, no serious symptoms Day 7[removed] More Severe Wave? Or Reinfection?I’ve had waves of symptoms since April 24 so approaching 10 weeks. Hope not to cause panic, just want to rule things out.
Each wave started with fever/chills the 1st night then low grade fever, fatigue for 1-2 weeks after. There was a brief point of shortness of breath but never severe.

Since Friday, I have been having rather bad chills  and the fevers were pretty high every night, admittingly I work from home IT and had a weekend shift of on call so I probably didn’t get much sleep, but they just felt more severe.
I saw my girlfriend Wednesday thru Saturday going to shop rite and dollar tree and McDonald’s so I fear I got lazy and didn’t protect myself and might have gotten reinfected.

But I’ve got an appointment with a doctor in an hour, the fevers were just too much. Hitting 102 with bad shivers and night sweats.

From here on out I’m gonna test this theory and not go out for anything, I’m staying at my parents so I’m thankful for that. And all my friends and family are just immune, claimed to have gotten it already.

But I was curious if anyone thinks they got reinfected or if they truly had worse symptoms weeks later? I’m gonna try and get a blood test to see my T cell count, vitamin D deficiency, and blood type and work from there. Just when I start feeling betterI (30F) am waiting for my test results. I had taken a self swab test at CVS this Saturday 6/28 but wasn’t sure if I went far enough in my nose. I called my employee health department and they had me take another test yesterday, 6/29 at one of their clinics (I work for a research facility). 

Was exposed 6/19. One of my friends that I was with tested positive 6/24 and the other tested positive 6/29. What pisses me off is I am a caretaker for my 92 year old grandmother and the first friend that had tested positive waited to tell me/give me a heads up that she was tested until her results came back but she told my other friend the day she tested. So I exposed my whole family who is pretty old for 4 days that I didn’t have to. I am always so, so careful and had my mask off only to eat dinner. I didn’t even think of it but we had shared a pazooki and now regret it. I feel embarrassed and guilty if my family ever got sick but they all seem to be feeling fine. 

I started having symptoms 5 days after exposure. Shortness of breath to the point I did a telehealth appt 6/26 and got prescribed an inhaler and burning sensation in the middle of my chest. I still didn’t make the covid connection. 

Since then I have had low grade fevers, fatigue, have thrown up, diarrhea and the most weird one is that I have felt like my skin is burning underneath specifically on my cheeks, back, neck and shoulders down my arms. 

The last few days I wake up feeling somewhat okay and think it’s over and then a few hours later I’m back to not being able to breath, it feels like there is cotton jammed up my nose and I have to throw up. Today I woke up feeling not so exhausted and did a load of laundry but here I am, wondering if I should sit down or stand up in the bathroom because I feel so sick. 

I am blood type A positive. 

Thanks for reading and letting me vent and I will update when I get the results.

Edit: my age. Can my dog get COVID-19?Hi so I was recently exposed to COVID-19 and I am worried that I gave it to my dog and now my dog is going to give it to the rest of family. Should I be worried? i think i might have covid-19 cause my 2 symptoms is congestion and loss of taste/smell and i wondering if i can take any thc edibles or would that be a bad idea and when do i get my smell and taste back 😭 Waiting for results :(Ok so two days ago I got really sick with a 102 fever and vomiting, next day felt better....I've constantly had a 99-100 degree fever since. Some chest tightness but could be psychosomatic. Rn my fever is 100 and that's after I've taken 1kmg acetaminophen like 4 hours ago so I'm due for more. I went and got tested today but who knows when I get the results. I'm 20m I have a weak immune system. Also have been having alot of weird chills and stuff. I ended up canceling my flight to northcarolina because I don't want to get anyone sick and I don't feel that great. I rescheduled my flight for July 7th so I'll know by then. I have a cough but mucinex helps alot....... I had been taking ibuprofen i switched to acetaminophen False negative testings?[removed] has anyone still had there taste and smell with the virus? I have had a mess of results22F Monday 6/22/20 (9 days ago) I tested positive for the antibodies (IgG and IgM) and I got a PCR test that same day however the lab messed up and I never got my results. I went to a different lab on Monday 6/29/20 and tested negative for the antibodies and positive for the PCR. The only symptoms I can say I have had recently was a mild ear pain and a bit of congestion last week (Monday and Tuesday)? Since my diagnosis I have been working out (in isolation) over an hour a day and I feel perfectly fine, no shortness of breath, and no remarkable fatigue. 

How do I interpret this result? Has this happened to anyone else? If I haven’t felt any symptoms in the last week is it safe for me to leave isolation after the 10 days? Especially since I think the exposure was the Tuesday/Wednesday before? Long lasting effects?Travelled mid February. Was sick at the beginning of March about 3 days after my wife got sick. Weird sick. Nothing we’ve really experienced before. Felt feverish but temp still ‘normal’. Felt very unwell. An aching band of pressure around my head. Spleen area pain that lasted for days. Nausea. Dizziness. Slight cough. Pain. Diarrhea. Relentless fatigue. 

Fast forward a few months and I’ve been in and out of the ER about 4 times. Pain in my shoulder blades and difficulty breathing. Convulsions. Heart palpitations/ flutters. Sudden gout in my foot even though I eat clean. Abdominal pain / swelling. CT scan, clear. Blood tests, clear. 2 negative swabs tests. First of which was over a month after when I first got sick. Doctors said likely post-viral-syndrome. Anxiety not off the table so they gave me some Ativan. Anxiety calmed down but all the symptoms remained. Now I’m propped up by pillows trying to sleep because I can’t breath lying down.

It’s all so frustrating and it makes me feel crazy as I have no way of knowing what’s really wrong with me. Getting discharged from the hospital empty handed feeling like you’re dying is so maddening. 

Anyone else still fighting months later? Negative: But presumed positive (per January symptoms) looking into antibody test because none of this makes senseDoctor just called and is completely stumped. Had me stop my antibiotics because they were making me sick so switching me to another. 

Doing more labs. We figured the test would be negative because I didn’t have the symptoms last week but in January I definitely did. 

A D-Dimer was actually done on the 26th and came back within range so yay 🤷🏻‍♀️ Okay to come out?When is it okay for me to come out and run some errands? I’ve been experiencing symptoms since last Monday and Wednesday I had to stay in bed because I couldn’t handle it. My symptoms the past 4 days include super low grade fever, dry cough, sense of smell comes and goes, little winded, and dizzynesss. I have my test this Wednesday but I feel almost fine now. Would I still be considered contagious ? I called off work this past week already too I survived after 3 months and I want you to have hope[removed] Just got tested after a very uncomfortable nightLast night, out of nowhere, I woke up with shortness of breath and tightness in my chest. I felt weak and I felt disoriented. I walked out of the house for some fresh air and took my phone out to call 911. But then I held back and thought I’d stick it out for a few. 

Wet back to my room and tossed and turned all night. I left a message for my doctor and by morning he had responded saying I should go to the hospital drive thru testing.  

I went for the test and have also developed fever. Highest so far has been 100.3. No childcare for quarantineI know any single parent out there has had these concerns with everything going on with the corona virus. 
I just kind of need to vent some frustrations.
One night l let my two kids spend the night with their grandma who watches them while I work. This is a Very rare occurrence because she sees them often enough. The next morning I woke up with fever and body aches and felt horrible. I got tested later that day as I was presumed positive and the nature of my work puts me at risk of contracting it and others at great risk if they were to get it from me. 

Either way, my mom agreed to watch them until I got my test results back and if I was positive she said she’d watch them until my quarantine was over and I could get a negative test result. 

I feel horrible because I feel like this is such a burden on her. However with no dad in the picture and no other real support system- I have no other choice. On one hand I know that it’s likely they were exposed already from living with me, but it still seemed prudent to quarantine just in case they hadn’t. 

It’s day 5, no results back yet. Every day since the first day my mom has been making me feel like shit about this. She is sure to let me know what a burden she is being put under and has even said that once I get my results and my kids back she said she would be “Mia for a long time.” She calls for complain about my son daily, will ask 5 times a day when it’ll be over and if I got results back and to complain about what a handful they are. 

Being away from my kids and having this pending test hanging over my head has caused me to slip into a depression that I am desperately fighting against, but I keep seeing warning signs. Losing track of time, crying randomly frequently, insomnia, nausea/anxiety, lack of appetite, lack of desire to do anything. I’ve had to start talking night time cold medicine just to sleep. When I tell her I want them back ASAP and apologize and ask if there’s anything I can do or anything she needs she says it’s ok, but goes right back into guilting me. 

Today I had enough. When she asked me for the 3rd time today if I got my results and how much longer this will last, I told her I was going to get in my car and come get them. I don’t want to put my kids at risk but it feels like that’s what it’s coming down to. I got half way there before she told me not to get them before I got my test results, but what does she want from me?! 

I don’t want to be sick. I don’t want to be out of work or without my kids. I don’t want to burden her. I’m not over here maxing and relaxing and having vacation- I’m wringing my hands, trying to stay busy, trying to put mind over matter and ... idk. I’ve tried to talk to her and it goes nowhere.

I’m just tired of all of this and it is wearing me thin. Low-grade fever for 100+ daysAnyone else? I wake up mostly OK, usually ending up in the mid to high 99s by the end of the day. Every single day. I also tested negative for antibodies and wondering if the two things are connected. Bloodwork is totally normal with no inflammatory markers. Tylenol and Advil do nothing. COVID test swab wasn’t taken from my nose?Hi everyone, I got a COVID test taken today and the nurse who took a swab from me didn’t collect it from my nose? She just swiped around my mouth... correct me if I’m wrong but isn’t it supposed to be collected from your nose? Weird sensation in headSo I’m having these weird sensations in my head, I’m trying to figure out how to describe them. It comes in like a wave, lasts about 20-30 seconds and then goes away. I’ve been having them all day (I’m on day 72ish of illness, currently on a relapse in sorts) and they have increased frequency in the last hour or so (evening—which we all know is the hour of covid). It kind of feels like when sleep aid kicks in, not quite a normal tired feeling or dizzy. Just weird and not right. They kind of feel like what I had towards the middle of my illness—once I was able to stay out of bed for more than 30 minutes—-and this feeling would last longer and I would just go lay down and back to sleep. 

I’m wondering if anyone has hand anything similar? Or any other weird head sensations? Day 100 here. Improving very slowly, I think, but having weird slithering sensations in my chest?Hi all, I just hit day 100 today. Through March, April, and May I was in the hospital several times. My stomach was wrecked and my heart was tachycardic all the time. You are more than welcome to check my history if you'd like to know more.

I've managed to stay out of the hospital for a little over a month now, mostly due to metoprolol, which is great, but I still can't get back into normal life and have some annoying and odd lingering symptoms.

One of these symptoms started during my last stay in the hospital. Previously, for weeks, I had this pocket of tightness that I always felt on the left side of my chest. One night in the hospital, after being given Flagyl for a suspected parasitic infection, this feeling was replaced.

From there on to now, it feels like there is something sticking out in the area around my heart, and it rubs on the wall of my chest whenever I bend, strech, or move. 

Another feeling I get is like this - imagine taking your second largest toe and putting it on top of your big toe over and over again, rubbing the two together. I feel that in my chest several hours a day.

At night, when I lay down, whatever it is moves up into my throat, and stays there, making me feel like I've got something stuck in my neck and need to swallow.

Anybody else have anything like this? My doctors have just guessed it's some kind of nerve sensitivity or damage and don't have any interest in investigating it further.

My other lingering symptoms are:
Sinus congestion,
Fluid in ears,
All day fatigue worsened by light exertion,
Dizziness,
Lightheadedness,
Belching after every meal or even water,
Acid reflux,
Decreased appetite,
Tachycardia with any exertion,
Tachycardia after any normal sized meal,
Random sharp chest pains that come/go,
Nausea that follows dizziness,
Increased thirst

And whatever is going to happen, it usually always happens or happens worse in the evening. Mornings are the only time I feel semi normal.

Things are improving slowly I suppose. But days are short and kind of empty. People are confused and even angry at me for being unable to get back to life for so long. During the course of this I lost 15-20 pounds, have a BMI of 17, and can't seem to gain any weight back.

Anyway, just wondering mostly if anybody else is feeling this weird movement around in their chest, because it's a symptom I haven't seen here. Any recommendations, advice, or even just your own stories are appreciated. Thanks for reading. Anyone 3+ month had no bad relapse?I'm about 14 weeks and I have had no bad relapses and no bad lung issues except for 3 weeks of sob in the beginning. Mine has been more "waves" of lessening symptoms over time. I'm starting to increase my activity slowly now to test the waters. COVID-19 pneumoniaHello all! I am an asthmatic and have been very careful about this virus but I went to a dental cleaning and 3 days later had an incredibly sore throat and a week after I went to the ER and was diagnosed with COVID-19 related pneumonia based on ground glass opacity seen in my left lobe. I was given dexamethosone and sent home to quarantine. A week in and I am not sleeping as much but the coughing and chest pain is worse and I am running a low grade fever with chills. My nasal swab came back negative so my parents and siblings (all live in MN, I live in VA with my husband and 2 kids) think I  "only" have pneumonia and basically just don't care. Haven't even checked in on me but once since I got home from the hospital. The doctors told me they have had a lot of false negatives, especially when it is early in the infection and that my xrays are very indicative of COVID-19 along with the other symptoms. It's bad enough going through this virus having to be isolated from my kids and husband but to have my family basically call me a liar is so depressing. Has anyone else dealt with this? My "How to" guide on dealing with the virusA while back a poster had a  "How to" guide that probably disappeared in the depths of Reddit so I'm sharing my tips from my experience. I had all the CDC symptoms (except vomiting &amp; runny nose) plus brain fog, COVID toes and blisters, convulsing chills, blurry vision, bruising, allergic reactions, and more. If I list the other remaining symptoms I will probably cry. It was a pure, whole body system attack. 4 months in my recovery and I'm still sticking to what I learned, and living better for it.

I learned from my post-concussion experience that I needed to be proactive and intentional on how I dealt with this virus. That meant journaling and looking at how I was living with an analytical eye. Luckily, this sub has also helped me tremendously with additional tips and advice. It was a long journey full of blind spots and scares but this sub helped me cope and move forward with a healthier life and now I would like to do the same in return.

Here are my guides and excuse my hurricane metaphors but I lived through one and this sure felt like one physically and mentally taxing hurricane.

REST: People aren't getting the recommended amount in their normal lives, so with this virus you're probably gonna come down with immense fatigue (bordering on narcoleptic exhaustion), so don't short change your sleep time. Your body will probably make you want to sleep for half a day and that is OK! Don't fight your body's starving-for-rest signals. I was stubborn and I pushed back at those signals because I thought "Stuff gotta get done!" It only prolonged symptoms for me. Sleep and rest ultimately restores and rebuilds your body. Work with it.

EAT: Eat veggies, fruits, &amp; lean meats. All that stuff will be kind to your digestive system (non-inflammatory, replenishing body with essential nutrients while hydrating you, too) as I came down with some gnarly GI issues. If you can't cancel your sugars and high fat processed foods, at least dial back the amount. Those foods can cause inflammation and inflammation is not good for your aches and pains, too. Everything is so connected in your body. The times I ate like crap, my body treated me like I was crap.

HYDRATE: Drink water to flush out what your body is trying to get rid of. Electrolyte yourself with whatever stuff is out there. If you are a social drinker, avoid alcohol. If you are a coffee drinker, cut it down. Alcohol and coffee dehydrate you, constrict your blood flow, and raise your heart rate. Don't beat your body while it's down. I drank alcohol (1 glass 3 different times) and paid for it each time. Self-inflicted myself more with coffee and that was the hardest to give up but the end goal was to breathe and feel better.

REST Part 2: If you think you got better, don't go resuming your hurricane-force pre-virus life the next day. Your body may have given you a breather signal, a kind of eye-of-the-hurricane calmness, but be prepared for the possible aftermath. I thought I felt great one day, finally got over it, but my body was still putting out fires that I wasn't aware of. Thinking I can do things like normal turned into a type of overexertion and my body paid for it. I know it's hard to relinquish that control of needing to catch up and get back on track but ask for help, delegate chores, and ease your way back into things like exercise and break-a-sweat type cleaning. My body would have thanked me if I took it easy during what I dub the aftermath/clean-up phase.

SUN &amp; AIR: Circulate clean air in the house. Open windows, have an air purifier if it helps, change your bedding. Hang out on your balcony, patio, backyard if you have one. Vitamin D is good for you! This all made me feel better.

POSITIVITY: Avoid the news. Do stuff that make you happy. If I even had the focus, attention, and energy to watch TV or read, I watched comedies and comedy specials, and read essays from comedians. Journal your health victories. Seek out your POSITIVE, supportive friends and family. 

All these guides helped lessen the severity of my symptoms like headaches, fatigue, aches and pains, GI issues, and breathing issues. 

And remember to lean on your healthcare system if things aren't going well or improving, especially with breathing. I did.

I hope you all have a speedy recovery and best wishes. If this gets removed, then I might be looking for a ghostwriter to do my posts.

Feel free to add tips. Did anyone get a chest CT scan that turned out normal but still have lingering symptoms?I tested for allergies, lung test, and 2 chest X-rays. All turned out normal. I also took steroid inhaler Advair Diskus for a month and antibiotics. Currently taking meds for GERD because at this point, I’ll try anything. I also did echocardiography and will get results in a few days. I’m scheduled for a CT scan on Tuesday and also have an appointment to see neck and head doctor. I have a feeling everything will turn out normal. What else should I get tested on? On June 28th, I find out I potentially got exposed to COVIDCoworker from clinicals is potentially exposed from his roommate, and, unfortunately, I was sitting close to him during our lunch for a full hour and had to remove my masks to eat. My throat felt funny yesterday, but I do have a sensitive throat and it has been cold lately, other than that no symptoms yet. I talked to my doctor and he is saying there is a chance I am positive due to that exposure. I'm a 26 y/o nursing student and I live with my family. I'm more scared for my parents than I am for myself..

I haven't been taking my vitamins as of late but other than the exposure at lunch I did not remove my N95 and surgical mask (I double masked) for 11 hours and I removed my scrubs before I got into my car they're currently wrapped in a plastic bag in the trunk. I had small running shorts and an undershirt under my scrubs so I wore those in the car. I walked straight into my room and took a long shower, including washing my hair as soon as I got in. I also remained in my room until up to Friday, coming down only to get food and water (eating in my room). I'm just playing minecraft now to pass the time. Sleeping ProblemsHey all,

Day 101, 25m - Was wondering if anybody did anything or has any advice on how to get some better sleep? I am falling asleep alright but waking up once or twice during the night and it takes me usually 30 minutes to get back asleep (not checking phone, not really moving, just focusing on sleeping). Anybody find success in anything at all? Feeling mostly okay these days except for this, GI issues and a bit of a wonky heart rate at times.. feel like the sleeping may help with the others. Thanks! My Perspective on mental health post-infection: 100+ daysI wanted to start by saying that I appreciate this community in so many ways and am amazed by the resiliency of so many people here. 

I’ve been on a roller coaster ride of sickness for over 3 months now and sometimes it seems like there is no end in sight. I spend days feeling hopeless. Feeling like I’m slowly being killed by the very thing that has turned our world upside down. I’ve watched my health deteriorate and repair only to deteriorate once again. I’ve had to quit my job because of my sickness and am only met with disbelief from family members about the condition I’m in. My anxiety is relentless, my depression that I thought I got rid of after high school has returned. And if I’m being completely honest, I’ve had brief moments of suicidal thoughts race through my mind. 

But it isn’t all doom and gloom. I’ve grown to appreciate the little things like I never have. The feeling of fresh air hitting my lungs brings a type of joy that I never would have thought such a thing would. A sunrise has a whole different meaning now as it represents another day to be thankful to be living despite the trials that life brings. While laughter and happiness has been rare since the beginning of this, when it occurs it feels sweeter than ever. I know many of us are confused about the state of our health and it may seem like normalcy is a fading commodity but I’m sure that at some point this will all be over and we can look back on this experience with a renewed sense of gratitude for the gift that is good health. 

I’m a very emotional person and I tend to go to dark places when times get hard. I don’t have the mental strength that so many of you do. So this is for anyone like me that is struggling with the mental side of this thing called “Covid- 19”. It may feel hopeless but please try to keep your spirits up and choose optimism over pessimism, and trust me i know that’s easier said than done. I hope for the best for everyone that has dealt with this and if anyone feels like giving up or you just need to be heard, feel free to contact me. Did anyone else experience these symptoms?Hey everyone -

I hope you're all staying safe, recovering, and/or feeling better.

I'm a 23 year old female, healthy, no pre-existing health conditions I'm aware of.

Here's a quick rundown of my symptoms before I go into detail of how I felt below:

&gt;**Thursday:** *intense back-ache, overall body fatigue, chills, felt extremely hot at night, sweating at night, slight chest tightness and breath felt short when taking long inhales, mild sore throat. no appetite whatsoever which is really odd because typically during my period I'm ravenous.*  
&gt;  
&gt;**Friday:** *continued back pain, worsening fatigue, couldn't take full inhales without feeling tightness in chest, felt hot throughout the day now, chills at night, sore throat disappeared. no appetite. Period started as usual.*  
&gt;  
&gt;**Saturday:** *debhilitating stomach cramps, overall feeling of malaise, sore throat, intense back pain, worsening body fatigue, chills, feverish, sweaty, shortness of breath became more noticeable in that chest felt progressively tighter. reverberating headache that wouldn't stop. no appetite.*  
&gt;  
&gt;**Sunday:** *felt generally fine in the morning, mild sore throat, no more stomach cramps, back pain still present, but not as bad as before, chills and fever returned at night. headaches continued. weird sharp pains would happen throughout my body in odd places.*  
&gt;  
&gt;**Monday:** *woke up around 3am feeling an intense feeling of malaise, felt like something was really off in my body, heart rate was high, breathing felt much tighter, woke up with an urge to go to the restroom and had my first bought of diahhrea (again, weird because i never have diahhrea). felt chills, feverish, intense back pain returned, shortness of breath became much more noticeable in that every breath i took felt tight. body fatigue transformed into something worse, it felt as if i went to the gym and exhausted all of my muscles. my muscles felt extremely sore, tired, and exhausted. still experienced headaches. this continued throughout the day and into the night. this was probably one of my worst days.*  
&gt;  
&gt;**Tuesday:** *decided to go get tested. experienced all symptoms i felt above on monday but worse. another bought of diahhrea in the early morning. headaches all day, chills, feverish at night, shortness of breath and tight chest continued throughout the day. body felt extremely fatigued. went to take a shower and felt completely out of breath and exhausted. i had to lay down afterwards. i'd never experienced that before. appetite started getting better, but i started to notice a diminished sense of smell. odd sharp pains returned.*  
&gt;  
&gt;**Wednesday:** *body aches slowly subsided throughout the day, still experienced a tightness in my chest and shortness of breath. constant headache that wouldn't subside with aleve or tylenol. mild sore throat returned, back-ache still present. showers still exhausted me. episodic SOB.*  
&gt;  
&gt;**Thursday:** *body aches gone. fatigue mostly gone. shortness of breath, chest tightness, headaches, and back-ache all still present. experienced episodes of very noticeable SOB. mild chest pain.*  
&gt;  
&gt;**Friday - Sunday (today):** *no more fatigue. no more body aches. shortness of breath, chest tightness, and headaches still a thing. back-aches come and go. still get tired after taking showers and making short walks. heart rate is much higher than usual after doing simple tasks such as getting up out of bed or walking to the bathroom. mild chest pain throughout the day, sometimes feels like heartburn.* 

I would say that I'm generally on the mend? The thing that concerns me the most is that I was around my family this past weekend because I live with them. I live with an elderly mother and father, and a older brother. The crazy thing is all of them feel completely fine and no symptoms at all. I've been completely quarantining myself since Sunday night and haven't left my room, but they were around me Thursday - Sunday afternoon. I was also with a close friend over the weekend who insisted on watching over me. She, too, has shown no symptoms.

At first, I thought maybe this was all PMS because of how close it was to my period, but, it started hitting me how odd it was because of several things:

1. I NEVER experience a loss of appetite around/before/during my period. I'm always ravenous and I crave everything in sight. So the loss of appetite was alarming to me.
2. I also NEVER experience physical symptoms around my period. I haven't experienced cramps, or anything like that since middle school. My PMS symptoms are typically light, and honestly, barely noticeable. So the fact that I was experiencing cramps that left me hunched over in my chair unable to speak was really odd to me.
3. I haven't experienced back pain before. So the sudden onset of backpain, especially inwhich I felt extremely uncomfortable, achy, dull, etc. was just odd.
4. Chills, diahhrea, and feeling feverish at night. That doesn't happen during a period. Atleast not for me.
5. Monday morning. When I woke up at 3am feeling extremely off sent alarm bells through my mind. I had only felt that way once (which was several years ago before I had to be sent to the hospital to get my gallbladder removed). So having that similar feeling felt really odd to me. My body just felt extreme malaise.
6. Overall body fatigue, muscle aches/muscle soreness. This was probably one of the weirdest things I experienced so far. It legitimately felt like my body had been hit by a truck or I'd lifted 100 lb weights the night before, only for all of my arm and leg muscles to feel completely sore and exhausted. I had legitimately no energy.
7. Taking a shower was exhausting and left me breathing very quickly, making the SOB and chest tightness more noticeable.

Personally, I'm stunned my family isn’t experiencing any symptoms at all. 

They're all perfectly fine. No coughs, no sore throat, no body aches, fatigue, SOB, nothing. All of them are fine and have been for the past week. Even including my 80 year old father. He's completely fine. Which, bless their hearts, I hope it stays that way.

Is this COVID or could I be experiencing something entirely else?

Could my family just be asymptomatic?

Did anyone else experience a similar trajectory/symptoms? Best vitamins to take?I’ve been symptomatic on and off since April 25, a month ago I started listening to people and taking any vitamin I can.
I think I was hit with my worst relapse yet starting Friday night. I’ve been taking Centrum multivitamin, extra vitamin D 2000 micro grams (old blood test said I was 24mg in vitamin D so on the low side)
Zycum chewable, turmeric supplement
I’ve also started taking Chewable vitamin C tablet recently, and Tylenol

Is there anything I can do or try to help me recover? I’m tired of these waves and I just wanna get better before it gets worse :( Low grade feversHi friends, I am on day 12 or so and still having low-grade fever‘s. I usually wake up at a normal temperature but by the afternoon I can get up to 99.9. It fluctuates between 99.5 and 99.9 for a few hours and then usually goes back to normal overnight. This is how my symptoms started and it continues to be the only one I’ve had consistently. The sore throat is gone, the headaches are here and there, the chest pain is just starting. I have not been sleeping well but I am resting and have been quarantined since June 19th. Incidentally on June 19 I tested negative, but spoke to two doctors since via telemedicine and they have both sais to treat it as a false negative due to my symptoms. Does anyone have any advice on how much longer the fevers will continue? Do you think I am out of the woods yet? My pulse ox continues to be about 98%. Thank you and good luck everyone! My Progression17 - White - Male - No Underlying Conditions

I've posted here a few times and in order to relieve my mind and other people's I'd like to share my story in case anyone can relate and feel less isolated than they already are. And let me start off by saying that I feel isolated... but here I can at least be among others who are going through the same thing. In that regard, here has been my progression so far:

Day 1 - I was coming home from shopping feeling sick to my stomach and tired. I developed a fever later in the day before bed and knew something was up.

Day 2 - Low grade fever continues throughout the day. Diarrhea ensues, along with stomach pain, anxiety. I develop a lump in my throat. Maybe anxiety, but I made a post anyways.

Day 3-4 - Same exact symptoms, anxiety most likely caused any SOB that I thought I had as it's definitely different now. I got tested on day 3, negative on Day 5, but this can be attributed to the fact that she merely touched the tip of my nostril. Literally tickled slightly inside. Not sure how anything could test positive there. I

Day 5 - Chest pain starts, very random chest pain. Doesn't feel constant, feels like random stings like I'm being poked, also happens in my kidney and in my ribs. I start to feel a pain in my arm, legs feel somewhat weak, fever still here. I am, however, less tired. Sore throat seems to develop. I get an X-Ray on this day as well as another test. Still awaiting the results of the second test. X-Ray came out fine. Doctor prescribes antibiotics (For what reason? I question taking the antibiotics until Day 7).

Day 6-7 Same symptoms, however diarrhea goes away, stomach pain goes away. I start antibiotics on the 7th day. (Azithromycin). Cough develops, like a tickle every once in a while. Very minor.

Day 8 - I begin to have spells of dizziness/feeling lightheaded every 30 minutes. Really weird. Symptoms persist. Dizzy spells may be due to antibiotics. Diarrhea comes back, may also be due to the antibiotics.

Day 9 (Today) - My chest has developed a pain that is a bit more constant. Feels like it exists in the center of my chest as some sort of pleurisy or costochondritis. Random stings of pain still continue, mainly in my ribs and kidneys and upper chest. SOB maybe while talking? Fever still continues. Still low grade. Is that good for my body? Probably not...

My symptoms vary greatly based on time of day. From approximately the time I wake up (9 A.M.) to around 1 P.M., I have hardly any symptoms. Then, like clockwork, symptoms appear, reach full force around 4-5 P.M., then seem to go down by 8. Lying down seems to aggravate my chest pain but standing up and walking seems to aggravate my dizzy spells.

I have been taking the following: Tylenol, Vitamin D3, Vitamin C, Zinc, Melatonin (3 MG), Azithromycin (250 MG), electrolyte mix.

I am, for my age, pretty darn healthy. I have been avoiding any kind of sugar since this started. Trying to eat as much as possible and am drinking around 6-7 water bottles a day.

I do not smoke, drink or vape. I can run a mile under 7 minutes and had a very active job prior to getting this. However, what may have caused my more intense case is the fact that I rarely go in the sun. I would only go outside to play basketball as my job was indoors, and I'd hang out with friends inside restaurants or at their houses. This may have led to vitamin D deficiency. I never took supplements prior to becoming sick. Furthermore, I worked as a stocking associate at Walmart. I was exposed to around 200 people probably per day passing by me without masks (I do live in Florida). I may have been exposed to an extremely high viral load. This may explain the severity of coronavirus cases in many young, healthy healthcare workers.

I do own a pulse ox as well as a thermometer and blood pressure monitor. Readings are ok (except of course for the low grade fever). Highest fever has ever been was 100.2. BP shows very slight elevation, may be due to anxiety.

Thanks for reading. Hope someone can feel comfort that they may be experiencing the same timeline as me. We can make it through these shitty symptoms together.

Edit: A symptom I did forget to mention that has been the weirdest thing ever was pain in my teeth. Was so severe at the start that I could not chew anything. Has gotten mostly better on the left side but the right side still can't take hard foods.

Another Edit: Note to self, do not eat burritos. Stomach pain is not worth the burrito. Lesser known/talked about symptomsHello! 
I’m presumed positive but I am also waiting on a lab test to come back. I’m really just wanting to see that I’m not alone with what I’m experiencing. 

I’ve got all-over body aches, a slight fever, and extreme fatigue. That’s all fine. What isn’t fine is the severe stomach cramps and the diarrhea 5-10 times a day. Is anyone else experiencing 5-10 times a day? I feel like I’m going crazy with this... I realized today was my 100th dayWow! I’m on my literal 100th day since the start of my very odd sore throat which had me grab my things and head to the basement to isolate. I had a mild case (didn’t ever go to the hospital) but it was hard and really lasted a long time. Including multiple relapses. 
I’m posting to let you all know that I am at 90 to 95 percent. I work full time, can manage life, am still tired. I’m taking mitt fulls of vitamins twice a day, I’m down to one or two Tylenol for the lingering sore throat and chest symptoms, SOB is almost completely gone. 
I will have to work on getting my fitness level back up (I’m no athlete, by any standards, but I used to be stronger) but I was scared to push myself before in case it brought on another relapse. 
I’ve cleared medical testing. So far, they aren’t concerned with any of my results. (Blood work, chest and sinus X-ray, echocardiogram and stress test) 
Friends, it took a long time, but I’m feeling pretty good for someone who went through Covid. We all know everyone’s experience is unique, but I thought it would be nice to read about one that went well. I wish you all the best of health and speedy recoveries ❤️ SalivaThis may sound like an uncommon question but has anyone else experienced frothy, white saliva during or after their infection? Coronavirus May Be a Risk Factor for Rheumatoid Arthritis[removed] After 3.5 months I think I'm recovered[removed] SOB Tight Chest AsthmaDoes anyone have any idea what would cause a tight chest when standing. I believe I’m 80-90 days in. I started a biologic treatment and that seems to work on the asthma I would get. Still I have a super tight chest that gets worse with activity. 

I’ve had two CT’s and 7 xrays that were all clear from week 3-11. I am at a loss. My O2 sat is normally 97+. 

What type of disease would cause sob and tight chest with no signs of damage to the lungs? READY TO GET OFF THIS ROLLER COASTER OF CONFUSIONPrior to this recent hospitalization I was seen at the ER in January. Early morning of the day WHO made the official announcement of Global Concern. 

I presented with SOB, heavy wheezing, pain in chest, fatigue, headache, and dizziness. I also had issues with a pathetic little cough that felt more like a  spasm, constant swallowing pain and a few nights prior I would have to keep a trash can by my bed to spit out what felt like buckets of fluid every few seconds. It was disgusting. It had gone on for weeks and prior to that episode I had been in for what the doctor thought was allergies. He gave me Loratidine and Prednisone. 

This other doctor immediately called in a prednisone injection and I declined because I hate the side effects. 

Instead I was given an immediate breathing treatment and sent home with an inhaler of Albuterol and Tessalon Pearls for my cough. The doctor thought I had developed adult asthma. Shortly thereafter I was issued a Nebulizer and scheduled for several Pulmonary function tests using a Spirometer. 

I’m now suddenly allergic to dairy but no reason why. We originally thought I had contracted a tick borne illness called Alpha-Gal but it came back negative. Dairy now causes me to produce a bunch of phlegm and when I lay down it’s hard to breathe and it sounds like angry cats in my throat. Despite the negative result I decided I enjoy breathing more than dairy so I gave it up. 

This went on for months until I ended up in the ER (VA Urgent Care).

My new imaging shows not only lesions of the brain but a pulmonary cyst in the lower left lobe with no risk factors, no effusion and no evidence of acute or active cardiovascular disease. 😯

Now I have low potassium, low blood sugar, and lymphadenopathy they can’t quite place why. The doctor said my body was manifesting an infection but not in the normal way. 

We are stumped 

My results still have not come back but maybe I should skip and go straight for the antibody test. The anti-malarial herb Artemisia Annua has a potential to be the cure for Covid-19[removed] I think this is a positive test result. Can someone smarter than me verify my assumption?My daughter's test results show the following.
SARS CoV-2 RNA (COVID-19) Qualitative NAAT
Value Detected
Standard Range Not Detected

This is a positive result correct?
Can someone please verify my assumption?

Thanks! The anti-malarial herb Artemisia Annua has a potential to be the cure for Covid-19, according to first findings of German scientists studiesFirst I have heard of Artemisia Annua in the news report of Madagascar president claiming it to be the cure for Covid back in April. This herb is usually used for treatment of Malaria in African and Asian countries. The WHO and the scientists discouraged the use of such unproven treatment against covid since it might promote the malaria resistance.

However, Madagascar president was promoting it, making tonics out of it and supplying the neighboring countries as well. Ever since I’ve read about it, I started looking into it and read  that in April scientists in Germany initiated a study to see if there is any effect of artemisia on Sars-Cov-2.

The first findings came out a few days ago and claim that artemisia is effective:

“Recent lab studies by chemists at the Max Planck Institute of Colloids and Interfaces (Potsdam, Germany) in close collaboration with virologists at Freie Universität Berlin have shown that extract from the medicinal plant Artemisia annua, also known as Sweet Wormwood, is active against SARS-CoV-2”

The study is currently being peer-reviewed. Issues with high blood pressure and breathlessness.I had covid around 10 weeks ago. I tested negative for it about 2 weeks ago and I’m pretty certain based on my recovery that I hadn’t had it for a couple of weeks before that. This week I was experiencing the same lingering chest pain and breathing problems I’ve had since I started to recover but I had really high blood pressure and I was Taken to hospital. The doctors were concerned about how high it was and started tests looking to see if I had a heart attack, pulmonary embolism and other stuff. All came back negative. Got a heart test thing as well and that came back as ok. Pretty much told that I should try to make life style changes and that it was just my costocondritis flaring you pretty badly. I was however told to go to my doctor about my high blood pressure as I’m only 28 and really shouldn’t be having these issues. Annnnnnyway.... has anyone else experienced the same sort of thing in terms of costo or blood pressure and are you being medicated for it and had it helped? Thanks people big love 🙏 Can a probation officer overrule doctors orders on a covid diagnosis? Stabbing pain lowest rib/absCurious if someone else experienced this. Im almost symptom-free, but this came around the corner a few weeks ago. It's a sharp, stabbing pain under my lowest right rib towards my abs. More of a weird/annoying irregular pain and hard to localize. As if a sharp knife only makes the slightest contact. Also my lowest rib sometimes hurts. Maybe has to do with the coughing and all? I also had this pain on the left side but that seems to have left the building. Recovery check for long haulers at 20 Weeks+.So how are you guys doing after 20+ Weeks? Does it get better? Any recoveries or improvements? Day by Day: Very Mild SymptomsHi! Just wanted to share my super mild Covid-19 experience so far! 28 F, healthy, no underlying health conditions. On day 10 right now and feeling about 90% normal. 

For about a week before my symptoms really set in, I had a slight tickle in my throat and one or two days of the *slightest* runny nose. Felt like normal allergies. Thankfully was already isolating.

I have not had fever (take temp probably 10x a day). Never felt short of breath, not even remotely abnormal breathing. Never got tired enough that I couldn't move - have only taken 2 naps in the 10 days so far, and really because there was nothing else to do. Have not taken any medicine besides Claritin twice at beginning. Have coughed probably 15 times total because I force myself to to see if anything comes up (nothing).

I noticed after day 5 that when I was moving around (even just driving around in my car) I didn't even notice a single symptom - symptoms seemed worse when I was being stagnant and thinking about them. Might also be because of my dogs who can often get my allergies going.

Also received a pulse oximeter on day 3 and monitored all throughout the days, and never went below 97%. Heart rate has stayed in 60s.

Here are my symptoms so far:

Day 1: head felt full. Tired. Tickle in throat becoming more annoying.

Day 2: really mild chills, just thought I was cold. Light headache. Tickle in throat. Congestion starting to come on - took a claritin which helped. Slept fine. 

Day 3: woke up fine. Sniffles set in, which as the day progressed turned into full blown runny nose - claritin did not help. Tired. Tickle in throat that was clearly post nasal drip. Slept fine. No real appetite.

day 4: Very tired throughout day. Congested. Post nasal drip. Terrible headache that felt like a tight band around my temple, slight body aches. No appetite. *this was really my only bad day physically, and it wasn't too bad at all, felt like a mild cold. The day felt like a daze though.

Day 5: Congestion. Post nasal drip. Tiredness as the day went on. No headache/body ache. Sense of smell disappeared. Taste was off - everything seemed outrageously salty.

Day 6: Congestion starting to lighten up, no more pressure in face. Post nasal drip. No headache/body aches. Still tired in middle of day. Appetite coming back. Night time got weird: my anxiety went through the roof in a way that was almost delusional. Felt like I couldn't get a grasp on reality. Kept facetiming my mom to talk, and the next day she couldn't believe how wild my anxiety was. Sometimes when my anxiety gets bad I get extremely nauseous and I often force myself to throw up (not healthy, I know, but it is a quick fix for me) which is what I did here. I assume the nausea was anxiety-related and not Covid but unsure. 

Day 7: Congestion continuing to lighten up. Post nasal drip. Less tired, but still tired when I would lay down. No headaches/body aches. Felt pretty fine overall. Night time anxiety creeped back in and was terrible. It felt like I would fixate on one thing to freak out about and imagine the worst case scenario - tonight it was pneumonia.

Day 8: Congestion still lightening up to one nostril at a time. Post nasal drip. No headaches/bodyaches. Appetite coming back. Slight anxiety at night.

Day 9: Congestion lightening up a lot. Post nasal drip. No headache/bodyaches. Appetite almost back. Feeling better overall. Taste coming back, faint smells if I really try. Slight anxiety at night because I was convinced I had a pain in chest right above my breast, but when I touched the area it was clear that it was a sore muscle (either from clearing throat or coughing or something else). Anxiety went away and I slept fine. 

Day 10: Today. Woke up with zero congestion. SMELL IS FULLY BACK! Can fully taste food! Still clearing throat, though not nearly as much, and it feels less like annoyingly dripping and more like thicker phlegm moving down. Aside from clearing my throat I would have no idea I'm sick. Walked my dogs for 30 minutes in 90 degree heat while wearing a mask and was breathing completely normal, even afterwards. 

*I will update as the days go.


My doctor told me that I did not need to come in and take a test, as I had close contact with someone who tested positive. He also told me that I am good to go after 10 days of symptoms and that I should get an antibodies test the following week. Going to stay in isolation a few more days and see how it goes. Crying everydayAnyone unusually weepy? Think I have cried for two months straight. Presumed positive in february, tested negative early May. Urgent care doctor thinks my symptoms are still residual from February and thinks I was positive back then.Hello all! I’m just hoping someone can share their experiences with me. Back in February before my state had any kind of testing or idea of the virus, I was diagnosed with walking pneumonia and sent on my way with an albuterol inhaler and some antibiotics as well as a steroid. It took a good 2 months to start feeling better. In early May I was hit hard with chest pains, a low fever and a very dry cough despite feeling like I had lungs FULL of mucous. I had a viciously sore throat too. 

I made an appointment with urgent care and they reluctantly tested me for covid since my Oxygen seemed fine. It came back negative. At this appointment however the doctor told me that it’s likely I did have covid back in February. The inhaler and antibiotics were useless for the most part. The passed week I had another bout with difficulty breathing albeit less severe. No more fever thankfully. The worst of it all comes at night and when I first wake up: at night just as I’m falling asleep I feel like I have to gasp for air and it jolts me awake. It’s always like I have to cough something up, but there’s nothing to cough up. When I lay down is when the chest pains start and I have to prop myself up or sleep on my stomach to alleviate the vacuum sort feeling in my chest. It’s similar when I wake up in the morning. Slowly however it’s getting better and less severe with time. My mom also was a presumed positive by her doctor about 2 weeks after me. Similar but slightly less severe symptoms. 

Can anyone tell me if this lines up to their own timelines? I know there are other issues it could be, but I have no insurance and in the US it is brutal on the wallet to get chest imaging done.  

As a side note, don’t be like me and think you can smoke or vape again just because you feel better. You can’t. Just quit, please. 24M presumed positiveI took the test 8 days ago before I had any symptoms due to work requiring it, I felt relatively okay with just some tiredness and a lot of phlegm build up. The doctor called today and I warned him of the symptoms that set in and he said that I’m very likely to be positive, all the bad symptoms kicked off this morning with a cough, phlegm, very bad back ache, and now diarrhea and a fever. What should I expect from now on? Honestly pretty scared Long-haulers article[removed] Anyone have a really foul taste while eating meat? (Only Meat)I taste like a really foul, damp taste when i eat something like a hamburger, or steak, or chicken tenders, or wings.

All of these HAVE THE SAME FOUL DAMP TASTE. 

I dont get it. It isnt the end of the world bad but its noticeable. 85 days into recovery, Brother now may have caught the virus. HelpHey everyone, so I’ve been on this journey for almost 90 days now and over the last week I have been feeling close to normal as I can remember, the only issue is occasional shortness of breath I’m the morning but my pulmonologist says that’s just my lungs still recovering. 

Now for some not so great news. My brother over the past few days has been coming down with a shortness of breath over the last few days and isolated him self into his room today.

What are the chances of me getting sick again being that I haven’t 100% recovered yet? New symptom 3.5 months in: forgetting how to breathe[removed] Question on testingSome back story: my mother (50) came back from Portugal on March 7th, by the 10th she experienced fever, sweating and a soar throat. At this time I left work to stay home to take care of her. By the 12th she had started the cough that progressively gotten worst leaving her with low energy and pneumonia like symptoms

After many attempts to try and get tested she finally went in on the 24th of March but came back (Negative) 

To this day she still has a very raspy cough that happens about every 5 minutes but aside that is doing very well 

Strangest part of this is me(20) nor my father (56) experienced any sort of symptoms even though we were house bound with her

So my question is: is it possible she was tested negative because she got tested after 3 weeks or do you think it may have been something else?

All feed back would be great. Skin issues?Having weird skin issues, but no rash or burning pain like some have reported. Started with appearence of more freckles and white spots in the first week. Then a few warts on me. Then a few nights ago I felt my back itching and I thought it was a tick but it turned out to be a mole that popped up literally overnight. Anyone else having this? I had the freckle thing before in 2008 when I had a really bad flu. Have a family history of skin cancer. I guess I will have to see the dermatologist at some point soon. It's after 9pm.Fever time. Am I right? Like clockwork. I'll be 98 all day and suddenly nighttime rolls around and I'm well on my way to 100F. Just clocked 99.5.
The tingling in my hands was awful today. And these headaches. My lord Tiny cherry angiomaDid anyone notice tiny red dots in their skin as a symptom or after recovery? I seem to be having more of these lately (about 30-40 on each arm, very small red dots, and a few on legs). Any longhaulers/recovered seeing increased susceptibility to other infections?36F, Presumptive positive end of March (day 96!). Overweight but active, autoimmune thyroid condition. Actual course was reasonably mild, lost smell for 21+ days (currently at \~95% returned, no coffee!), elevated temps (\~99.5-100), slight cough. 

&amp;#x200B;
&amp;#x200B;


In the months after recovering, I've noticed I'm getting all sorts of weird other infections/issues when normally I'm way more resistant to infections. My husband has frequently had colds/flus that I've never caught a whiff of (even when he had a gnarly flu-pneumonia a few years back). I haven't taken antibiotics or anything in probably 4 years. I've been mostly staying at home aside from the 2-3x a month shop trip, bicycling (with a mask), picking up takeout, so it's not like I'm exposing myself to much, but it seems like my immune system is just over it and taxed and done, so any little anything just gets a bit out of control and I have a runaway infection.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

For example, a cyst I've had for years got infected and abscessed, I got a fungal skin infection, and right now, I think I have a weird gut bacterial infection a'brewin (replete with new fevers, sore throat, and GI issues). 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
Curious if anyone else is having these issues, too! Tingling in fingers and toes?Hey all, I (28F) was infected in late February, and began having symptoms the first week of March - they started as mostly symptoms that (while somewhat unusual for me) I could dismiss as allergies but then by mid March I started having SOB and chest pain. I’ve talked with three doctor friends who happen to be in ERs across the country (I’m in the good ol’ USofAilments baby) and they all think I have it, although I have not been tested.

I’ve been sick since then, with lots of the long haul symptoms I see discussed here, some sporadic and some constant: SOB, fatigue, brain fog, sore throat, wonky cough, some days I have a runny nose and sneezing fits and other days it’s fine, joint pain, muscle pain, extreme weakness (yesterday I couldn’t lift the vacuum cleaner, a problem I didn’t have last week), headaches, loss of sense of smell and taste, photosensitivity, and my hearing has been fucked up - I work with audio when I’m healthy and I recently noticed that I have been perceiving sounds I know really well (imagine like, a song you’ve listened to 1000s times/everyday) in weird ways, like I’m not processing frequencies correctly. 

Symptoms come and go, it feels like a sine wave in that there are good days and bad days and it’s cyclical. When I’m lucky, it’s three steps forward, two steps back, but sometimes it’s four or five steps back.

Additionally, I have Raynaud’s, I was diagnosed a couple years ago and generally it’s not a problem. Around the same time I was diagnosed, I complained to a doctor that I was losing feeling in my big toe; the feeling was sort of like “it’s falling asleep” (pins and needles) and weird tingling. She didn’t know what it was but when my lab work came back she said I was B-12 deficient, gave me a B-12 shot, and on the walk home the feeling in my toes returned. So I’ve been taking B-12 supplements since then and I’ve largely not had problems. This type of nerve pain can be worse for people with Raynaud’s so when the B-12 helped immediately, my doc and I chalked it up to the deficiency (because otherwise if google it, the results are like THIS IS PERMANENT YOU SHOULD FREAK OUT) 

Since getting COVID, the tingling is back, and not just in my toes, but also my hands. In my feet it starts in my left big toe and moves into the rest of my foot from there, with another “starting patch” near my heel, but the worst of it is in my hands: as I type this, nearly half of each hand is tingling. It starts in my pinkies (left hand first &amp; more intense) and spreads to the ring fingers and then continues to the middle fingers and the palm near those fingers. Like my feet, there seems to be a second “starting patch” in the palm just below my thumb that spreads into my thumb. At this point in my recovery, it feels like the only symptom that is actively getting worse - I still have bad days where I’m way worse than I was the day before (last week I tried to play catch because my lungs had mostly stopped hurting and after a few throws I was in tears because of the shatter-y pain in my lungs) but other than the tingling, I’m generally trending upwards. 

Soo... does this sound familiar for anyone? I’ve been taking B-12 (because I always take B-12) but before getting sick if I started to feel tingly, it was usually a reminder that I’d forgotten to take the supplement and as long as I took it that day, the sensation would be gone the next day. Any thoughts or suggestions? Thank you thank you! Hope everyone is having a mildly better day than yesterday :) Has anyone had a really low temp instead of a fever?I’m presumed positive and awaiting test results (will hopefully get results tomorrow). I was exposed through my kids last week - they had direct contact with someone who got a positive test later that day (this person was asymptomatic). My kids have not been tested, but they have both since had bouts of diarrhea lasting multiple days, and I now have general fatigue, sore throat, body aches, chills, itchy/crusty eyes, and a mild headache. However, I haven’t run any sort of fever, in fact, multiple times my temp has been below 95 degrees, even when I’m covered by a blanket and in warm clothes.
Has anyone else experienced really low temps instead of a fever?? Any suggestions on what to do about it, if anything? I haven’t taken any Tylenol or other fever reducing medicines. Long-termer with walking issuesLong-termer, dealing with it since March 22nd. Had a good three weeks recently where my walking range was getting better and better. Now I can’t walk for more than a few minutes without the feeling of my muscles being “gassed out” like I’ve been hill climbing. And this is with me really taking it easy. Has anybody experienced this? Have you seen improvement?

I’m also having muscle inflammation in my back, spine and neck, insomnia, some GI issues, costochondritis, fatigue (but no brain fog) and skin buzzing sensations. still super early on and feel like i’ve been hit by a dump truck.F23, type one diabetic.

days 1-3 (6.20-6.23) do I have allergies??? am i manifesting these symptoms? no way it should happen so fast. definitely just paranoid. classic allergy symptoms, tickle in throat, kind of congested/stuffy but not really. 
day 4 (6.24) starting to think i’m getting sick, tickle in throat has turned into sore throat. more tired than usual. headache. 99 degree constant temperature. random dizziness. increased appetite? lowered energy levels.
day 5 (6.25) woke up feeling pretty bad, slight ear pain, glands are swollen on neck. sore throat that kind of makes it hard to breathe. tightness and pain in chest. dizzy spells. temperature starting to rise a little, 99.9 at its highest so far. 

i have scheduled an appointment to get tested for 6.29 after speaking to a doctor through telemedicine, presumed positive due to symptoms and exposure to someone who has since tested positive.
in the meantime, what can I do for relief? what medicine, if any, helped your symptoms? what helped you keep your spirits up? Did taking vitamin-b12 worsen any of your symptoms?Everytime i take vitamin b-12 i go from fine to horrible. Idk if there is any clear connection, it might be some crazy coincidence or something

Have y'all experienced this? Long term (19 weeks) - pulmonologist visit
Tl&amp;dr- most doctors are mostly useless in our current situation. Appreciate the good ones.

...

I got sick Feb 15. My shortness of breath is still so bad, my PCP sent me to a pulmonologist today. It wasn't a totally unhelpful visit, but was frustrating. He ordered a lung function test for 12 days from now, said my lungs sound clear and prescribed me a different rescue inhaler (haven't picked it up yet). 

But he doesn't seem to know anything at all about long tail covid and I am just baffled. He's a lung doctor during a pandemic of a respiratory disease, ffs. You'd think he would read up on it. He also didn't ask how my chest/lungs feel- isn't that a basic piece of information he needs?? (Chest usually feels like a horse is standing on it, can't take a deep breath without massive effort, I've been coughing up green phlegm for 4 months &amp; it hurts to breathe,  fyi, doctor... Oh yeah &amp; it feels like my breathing stops when I'm falling asleep quite often.)

He thinks my lung function test will be normal and then he will determine whether this is asthma or COPD- caused by the years I was a smoker. Absolutely sure that what is wrong with me is caused by smoking- what a coincidence that I have had every symptom of covid during a pandemic and my symptoms/disease course match that of so many others but that's when this COPD/asthma started?? He did not ask one question about the symptoms I had when I first got sick, just said it could have been lots of different diseases, flu etc. (I had a negative flu test btw.).

He was adamant it wasn't covid because my CT scan was clear and "something always shows on the scan with covid patients". Ok..... How many CT scans has he seen which were not from hospitalized severe/critical patients? CT scans done a full 3 months after symptoms started? Uh.... How many CT scans of covid patients has he seen *at all*? Our entire state has had less than 3,000 cases &amp; we have at least 100 pulmonologists. And regardless, what is *not known* about covid at this point is huge. How can any doctor state *anything* about it definitively? AUGH.

He told me to use my rescue inhaler and exercise. I said that all activity makes my symptoms worse, that there are many people experiencing the same thing and my PCP said that activity triggering symptoms is a known problem. He totally blew it off. Oh well. 

One thing's for sure- the visit made me appreciate my kickass PCP even more. She is intelligent enough to recognize that she doesn't know everything and is willing to admit it. Sudden chills and fatigue followed by a day of no symptoms— strangeIt all started this past Thursday, June 18. I spent my day off trying to knockout content in my ever-growing Netflix list, when I suddenly felt a headache. I thought it was weird but didn't think much more of it. Later that night I got the chills and muscle fatigue; I couldn't get warm for anything. I'm pretty sure I was running a fever, but for whatever reason, I didn't check. This continued on into the next day, but the day after, I felt fine. Before returning to work that Saturday morning, I called my boss who recommended I take a COVID test. Every testing center in Broward County that I called either didn't have availability for many days or outright wouldn't test me for COVID because I "didn't have symptoms" anymore [In Florida, the state is setting records for single day new cases like every other day, so I presume things are backed up]. I wanted to get back to work soon and figured the least I could do in the meantime is take an antibody test to see if I had any immunity. 
I went to my local MDNow Urgent Care where they provided an easy walk-in antibody test.
The doctor that saw me asked about by symptoms and concluded that it sounded like I had COVID. She expedited an appointment for testing that same day, but here I am almost six days later since the nasal swab and I have no results. Antibody test came back a day after I tested, and of course it was negative because if I had COVID, I wouldn't have developed antibodies so quickly.
Manager keeps asking for results and the anxiety of it all is driving me crazy, plus my family's getting paranoid.
I would note that since the chills and fatigue stopped, I've lost my sense of smell and taste. I'm experiencing a lot of coughing and sneezing in addition to a persistent runny nose, like a cold.
Will update when I get results 🙄. should I tell my workplace? they are probably not going to believe me.I've had fever, body aches, diarrhea, sore throat, and worse asthma the past couple days. The fever goes down to 98.9 and up to 99.6. I have smell and taste but weirdly enough I lost my smell and taste in March around when corona was discovered here, and had a low fever for two weeks, then nothing. But I feel much worse now, like I have the flu. I haven't been scheduled to work his week, I scheduled a test. When I told the scheduling person about my situation she was mad and said I could have been exposed.

&amp;#x200B;

Basically I work at an office with a remote server but the attorneys are old and didn't want to use it, they wanted to go "back to normal." So as soon as legal lockdown ended we all had to come back. I have to take public transit or uber to get there, although there are always maskless people on transit I distance. In uber it's not possible to distance and some people did wear a mask wrong or take it off. Or only have it on while I am in the car. At work the rule is to wear masks in the middle of the room (around me) but not in their own office with a thin screen door closed, so attorneys will go in their office when they need to talk or cough/sneeze. Some people didn't wear their masks and even talked to me until I complained, then they pulled their masks over their mouth only. Also there is no distancing and no way to open the windows. When I complained about the mask thing they told people to change, but laughed about it. 

&amp;#x200B;

Meanwhile I am wearing 2 masks and only take mine off to go in the other room and drink water. I wear gloves on public transit too and try to sanitize everything. The office is over capacity guidelines at 60%, visitors allowed, and they want full capactiy next week although it is against guidelines. .We are the ONLY office open in the building, parking garages are empty, nothing else open, so no food no coffee. BUT they are insistent that everyone else is overreacting, and that they are the only ones being correct. They said it's fine if you wear masks in the hallway and wash your hands. I am scared being around this many people and I have rent money for a couple months but would lose my health insurance if I quit. They already think I am dramatic/overreacting because I complained about masks and when we opened I asked if I could only come in two times a week and they said no. Basically I cry every day but I can't do anything, I feel crazy and like I'm hysterical, meanwhile they just look at the empty parking garages around us and laugh about it, saying everyone is overreacting.

&amp;#x200B;

So I haven't been in since I had a fever just because I wasn't scheduled. But I haven't told them either, I don't want to tell them unless I get the test. The issue is what if it is a false negative I would have to go in even with symptoms, and I still might have it and give it to people on public transit, which makes me feel guilty.

&amp;#x200B;

I feel like such a wimp for being scared of my office, when other people are essential. Plus I know they will make fun of me if I ask to isolate without a positive test. So I can't decide if I should tell them I have symptoms or just pretend to be well and maybe if they get it from me its their fault anyway. Which also makes me feel guilty. I am more stressed about that than the actual disease actually. I have xanax for panic attacks that I almost never take and I started taking it often. Well I don't know if I should tell them or not if I have a negative test. What do you think? Cytokine Storm/Release SyndromeHas anyone here felt like they’ve been through a cytokine storm? Obviously these are considered very dangerous and highly lethal but I was wondering if people have gone through a stage maybe weeks after initial infection where they have felt a sudden surge in the immune systems response that feels like what a cytokine storm could feel like?

I have had two occasions now both 7 weeks apart where I have felt almost wiped out by a sudden immune system attack. It hasnt felt like a typical relapse that many talk about and wasn’t brought on by exertion like most say causes a worsening of symptoms.

No this feels like my body has been poisoned. An all round assault that makes me fear for complications. I’m wondering if anyone else has experienced something similar? Has anyone taken a COVID test at CVS and how long did you have to wait for results? Uncomfortable in car?Has anyone else experienced discomfort in their chest/lungs while driving/riding in a car? When the car is still I’m fine but when it’s in motion it feels like weight in pressing on my chest, gets worse with speed. I’m the recovering stage, with minimal symptoms left (I’m not going inside places, just riding around with my non-sick husband—-my symptoms first appeared in mid April). SARS-CoV2 antibody present, however standard range is negativeHi, I just got my test results and it says I have the antibodies present, but it says my standard range is negative. I'm not entirely sure what this means. Can I have some input? I no longer feel alone...I'm so glad I found this group! I felt like my symptoms were so drastically different than the textbook ones the medical community and media keeps hammering, and seeing a lot of the same symptoms here from others, that I experienced, is oddly reassuring. 

I am a presumed positive from my physician. I was ineligible for local testing due to lack of adequate testing supplies in my area at the time and my lack of "classic symptoms"; no fever and no severe cough. Even with a doctor's order, I was denied a test. 

My presumed point of contraction was likely an adult niece who had recently returned from extended travel with stops in Japan and New Zealand on February 26th. Her immediate family had a "mild crud" that everyone assumed was a cold shortly after her arrival home. We celebrated a family birthday with a big family dinner on March 6th. My symptoms started March 9th.

Day 1: runny nose, sinus pain/headache, lots of post-nasal drip, and heart beating really hard for no reason (March 9)

Day 2: even more post-nasal drip, if I sleep on my back it runs into my lungs, my throat and the fleshy glandular area under my tongue feels weird and swelled, absolute lack of appetite, lethargy, still hard beating heart, 99.1 temp (March 10)

Days 3, 4, &amp; 5: awful headache when waking (Advil doesn't touch it), post-nasal drip continues to feel like I'm drowning, glands in neck and under jaw feel swelled, throat weirdness continues, absolutely no appetite and am forcing myself to eat, increased lethargy, hard beating heart, shortness of breath for any slight exertion, I dry cough occasionally due to a rattly itchy feeling in my lungs, occasionally I bring up stuff, I shiver because I feel so cold, yet no fever, my toes discolor like I got chillblains again (March 11-13)

Days 5 &amp; 6: sinus drainage continues, glands in neck and under tongue make me have a dry mouth, like I have little to no saliva, trying to swallow thick sinus drainage is exhausting, hard heartbeat continues as does shortness of breath, temp got to 99.5 both days, sleep is difficult due to feeling short of breath and anxiety surrounding that, dry cough is infrequent, but still there, still cold off and on (March 14 &amp; 15)

Day 7: post-nasal drip seems a bit lighter, I'm not as out of breath, and my appetite has returned a little, I'm actually hungry but the idea of eating is still a turn-off, my throat and glands feel less swelled but more irritated, flashlight inspection of my throat reveals multiple miniscule papules covering soft palate and back of throat with redness, coughing infrequently (March 16)

Day 8: a bit more energy in spurts, but I still need to rest more often than usual, finally enough energy to play with my kid a bit and do much neglected chores rather than hold the couch down, I'm actually hungry and desire food for the first time, I don't feel out of breath walking to the bathroom, hard beating heart is mostly gone, not as much drainage and its thinner, but airways feel dry and irritated, I actually have saliva today, only occasional dry cough, no fever (March 17)

Day 9: not as much sinus drainage, hard heartbeat is back, as is dry mouth, papules in throat are reduced, moderate lung congestion, appetite is off and slight headache (March 18)

Day 10: woke up with awful diarrhea and wet with sweat, throat feels weirdly swelled again, saliva feels thick and slimy, short of breath doing minimal activity, not hungry again, some lung congestion, most annoying symptom is the sensation of my lungs being sunburned (March 19)

Day 11 to about Day 65 (mid-May): same symptoms come and go, increasingly minor in intensity and duration, and frequency between "attacks" is becoming more infrequent 

By June I can finally walk to our mailbox, which is at the top of a hill, without needing a breather due to feeling like I'm going to pass out from lack of oxygen.

I feel compelled to get an antibody test, just to satisfy my personal curiosity, but I'm not sure if it's worth it after reading the antibodies only last so long. Plus insurance doesn't want to pay for it and I don't really have $150 in throw-away money. Anyone with personal experience still having antibodies after 3 months? Covid 19 with no fever?Hi everyone! I have been quarantined since 3/14 and I live in the greater Boston area. I work as an esthetician and one week ago (6/15) we had a back to work orientation where we went over guidelines and such. There was one woman who “doesn’t believe in wearing a mask” and had to asked to put one on and the kept repeatedly uncovering her nose. She was sat next to me, I was wearing a mask. On Saturday (6/20) in the evening I became extremely fatigued, lightheaded, body aches and having a hard time catching my breath. My thermometer was broken so not sure if I initially had a fever. I thought it was from the heat bc I’m very sensitive to hot temps. However all symptoms have continued including severe nausea, loss of appetite and now a small dry cough and some tightness feeling in my chest. The only symptom I don’t have is a fever (got a thermometer Monday 6/22). Has anyone been tested positive and didn’t have a fever at least at the beginning? I’m worried bc I’ll feel better for a couple hours and then it’ll hit me again and just wipe me out. My test results won’t be back in until next week but I’m getting more nervous because two other women at the orientation came down with similar symptoms as of Sunday and Monday and had to get tested as well. I’m also so dizzy. There’s so much pressure in my head and I constantly am hearing what sounds like someone is knocking on my door but literally no one else (just my boyfriend bc he has been with me so he is quarantined again with me but he has no symptoms) can hear it. I have bad allergies and take allergy meds daily and have a history of getting walking pneumonia pretty frequently. Long haulers - PTSD?11 weeks in. Anyone thinking they might have PTSD coming on? Nervous, anxious, can’t sleep, if subject of virus comes up I get extremely agitated and vent in a trance-like state. Don’t even realize myself getting so worked up. I’m getting a little panicky going back to this sub. Presumed positive but negative antibodiesHello All. I was feeling cruddy (fatigue) and had a fever for three weeks in March. I wasn’t tested since at the time tests were only for the deathly ill. Anyways, I was given the antibody test last week and it came back negative (IgG). Is it possible I had it and no longer have antibodies? 

I was also deathly ill end of December and into January. I had pneumonia both lungs, asthma exacerbation, lung infections and couldn’t walk on my own without almost passing out due to low oxygen. I honestly thought I would die. I have never in my life been that sick before. I wasn’t able to walk long distances again until March. I tested negative to flu, strep, mono etc. they said it was a virus but didn’t know what it was for sure. Possible relapse after 3 months?Hey guys, 21F here who was presumed positive by my doctor back in mid-March. Originally I had a quite mild case but just very odd symptoms, had never really felt like that before. I had a phlegmy cough for a few weeks and super intense body aches for two days along with a burning skin sensation, though my temperature never read as a fever. Along with all that I lost my appetite for about a week, and my sense of smell and taste was significantly diminished. I also had some pretty serious IBS type symptoms which I had never experienced before and was suddenly intolerant to coffee which is still no fun :( All in all it was pretty manageable and I only felt really crappy during the two days of body aches. I spent the next couple months feeling pretty good physically aside from some really heightened anxiety about the whole COVID situation, but I am on medication for that now which seems to be working nicely. I got back into skateboarding regularly and never experienced any tachycardia or lung problems. 

Flash forward to now: For the past few weeks I have been dealing with pretty annoying GERD/acid reflux symptoms I think. It started a few weeks ago with intermittent heartburn. I started cutting down on all acidic food in general, sleeping with my head propped up etc., and all of that seemed to be helping. Last week I developed some pretty severe mucus in my throat to the point where I constantly felt I needed to clear my throat but nothing would come up. That has now shifted down into my lungs I think. The past few days I have been feeling mild shortness of breath with an intermittent productive cough, as well as occasional burning pains in my chest - can’t quite tell if it’s the same heartburn pains or something different. I also haven’t had much of an appetite again, although it’s different than last time. I’m finding now that I’m just forgetting to eat because my stomach isn’t sending me those “hunger signals” whereas with my presumed infection in March I was totally repulsed by the idea of food and could barely force myself to eat. Once I remember to eat now, I’m fine and have no problems keeping it down. I also have still had no fever. So sorry for this wall of text, I’m just confused and my doctors haven’t been much help. Does this sound like a possible relapse with more respiratory symptoms? Or does it just seem like I’ve developed a kind of post-viral GERD or something? I’ve never dealt with acid reflux before so I’m not sure if these are all standard symptoms or if it’s pointing more towards COVID. Does it ever let up??[removed] Got tested today at my nearest COVID-19 centerAll my symptoms started on Saturday

Day 1: I thought that my allergies were acting up because I started with a post nasal drip.

Day 2: still had the post nasal drip but I started to develop a cough with phlegm.

Day 3:  minimal cough with phlegm but I started to feel tired like my eyes were burning. (I associated this with drinking the night before)

Day 4: started getting chills, checked my temperate and it was running at 101.2. The chills come and ago about every 30 seconds. Still have a lot of phlegm. Went to my nearest COVID-19 testing site and got tested. Now I’m just waiting to hear if I’m negative or not.

My question is, most people complain about a dry cough, do you all believe this could be associated to something else? News for long haulers" We think  Covid 19 causes this picture that we are calling an " Infectious Vasculitis " . So there's an acute infection , and then there's an inflammation stage, that occurs in the blood vessels . Depending on which blood vessels are affected , then determines what types of residual and long lasting symptoms people have "

- Dr Jennifer Ashton , ABC News Chief  Medical Correspondent 36 hours into 14 day quarantineWife got call today...test came back negative. They are thinking false negative. Wheezing through night, chest pain, persistent headache, and coughing. She was picking up room and laundry, against my advice, and about passed out.  She is a workaholic who hasnt stopped all day, and we just got into it because she hasnt been taking meds, nor telling me when she takes tylenol, which is a fever reducer. So no idea if she has fever or not.  O2 has been steady 97-98 all day with elevated heart rate hovering around 75-80.

I am crazy stressed. Told her work doesn't matter they will survive. Family matters and we wont survive if she dies.  Grim...I know.

I am just venting. Just wear a mask how hard is that?  Stay home don't go out. Don't get comfortable like we did hanging with a small group of people.  If you get this, and are lucky enough to come home, stick to the plan they tell you.  She looks worse than last night and am trying not to think about it. Roommate etiquette - responsible but I think I’m positive. Roommate is guilt tripping extremely hard.I went kayaking with my best friend and I think I might have gotten covid. It’s day 6 and I finally had a sore throat and cough. I’m hoping it won’t get much worse and I’ll be the lucky few. 

I literally haven’t left my room other to shower and wear a mask inside now. The moment my friend tested positive I informed my roommate. Honestly, I almost regret doing so before my actual test tomorrow. 

What’s the proper protocol in this situation? He immediately left to another house of his that he rents out but I feel like he’s guilt tripping me incredibly hard (maybe I’m just anxiety ridden and paranoid). The cheapest Airbnb for 2 weeks is over $1,300 and I can’t really afford that. I feel strange living in his house being the person at fault for his exposure when he’s inconvenienced somewhere else that has been losing power due to wild fires. 

Should I be putting this on my credit card and leaving so he can return? I feel like this is going to ruin our roommate relationship and I’m definitely going to be on the lookout for studio apartments in the next few months. 22 YO female: my experience so farI’m an active, healthy recent college grad and I work in the medical field.. Started getting symptoms about 5 days ago. I live in Idaho so everything is back open and we are now experiencing a spike in cases.. if anyone’s in my age group I’d love to hear your experience!! I’m beyond nervous. 

5 days ago: woke up with post nasal drip, a sore throat, and a pretty bad headache. Thought I was just getting a cold. I was fatigued too 

4 days ago: sore throat went away, experienced hot flashes and still a pretty bad headache. Sinuses started hurting so I took some DayQuil/NyQuil which helped 

3 days ago: felt pretty good, went on a bike ride and the only noticeable symptom was sinus pain when breathing through my nose... it was such a strange feeling, I had no congestion or headache... just a burning pain in my sinuses 

2 days ago: felt fine... maybe a little headache but that’s about it 

Yesterday: noticed that I was beginning to lose my sense of smell.. I opened a bottle of red wine and couldn’t smell a single thing. Didn’t want to freak myself out because I wasn’t having any other symptoms. No fever, no cough etc. 

Today: woke up at 4am and couldn’t fall back asleep. Decided to go get coffee and immediately realized I had completely lost my sense of taste and smell!!! I’ve been spraying perfume directly in front of my face and I smell absolutely nothing! When I eat food I can only feel the texture. It’s crazy. Had diarrhea for the first time and have been feeling slightly nauseous all day. Got tested a few hours ago and waiting on the results :( New subredditHello there! 
A new subreddit on recovery has been created. I invite anyone who has fully recovered to write up your stories to lend positivity for fellow covid long haulers New caretaker to wife who is positive.Posted this earlier in r/houston and wanted to inquire on what I should expect as a care taker?  I ordered a pulse oximeter and have a thermometer. She does have asthma...nothing serious in 7 years since I've been with her, maybe used inhaler 2 or 3 times...and is immune compromised with RA.  Flu usually kicks her a**, so just looking for what I need to look out for.  Any advice or help will be greatly appreciated. 

Just an update on wife who went to ER this morning. They did blood work, x ray, and breathing treatment. Waiting for COVID test to come back, but since she could breathe on her own (and hospital is overwhelmed) they sent her home. 99% sure she has it.  Prescribed 4 different drugs...pain meds, inhaler, antibiotic, and codeine cough medication.  Said she has a low grade fever and xray showed begining stage of COVID.  That she is going to get A LOT worse and feel like death over the next 2 weeks...at least. Not to go back to hospital unless she is in dire breathing distress. Quarantined in our room for 14 days, along with my son in his, niece in spare, and me on the couch.  Going out one last time to get her meds then it starts. All of us in separate rooms, wear mask if we cross each others paths. None of us other 3 have symptoms but getting, or will try to get, a thermometer today.  
Thi IS NOT a joke yall.  WEAR A MASK! Even being cautious she managed to get it. Already looks like death. Just glad she is home and keeping fingers crossed she doesnt have to get admitted. Gaslighted and endangered by an infectious disease doctor on the 3 month anniversary of getting sick - a rantHey-o to my long-termies 👐 I am presumed positive by a physician whose asessment is that I had Covid and am presently enduring some kind of post-viral torture.  I tested negative twice and negative for antibodies once.  Negative for flu and strep, negative for tickborne diseases.  As of yesterday I have been through three months of hell and we're still not done here.  After three ER visits, two urgent care visits, one PCP visit, a smattering of cardiology visits and lab tests, I'm still here.  After suffocating shortness of breath, burning, heavy, painful lungs, near-fainting, sore throat, fevers, shaking chills, headaches, fatigue, nausea, burning eyes, severe leg pain and muscle weakness, kidney symptoms, brutal sinus pain and congestion, nausea, lack of appetite, 10lbs lost, dizziness, and now, unexplained chest and left arm pain with palpitations, sinus tachycardia, and POTS symptoms, I'm still here.  No treatments given. No hospitalization.  Just beasting this out at home. 

After all this, I thought the infectious disease doctor would be the appointment I had been waiting for. The "disease detectives" of medicine, I was told.  The people who must be thinking creatively about this novel virus - their time to shine.  No one else could explain the mystery of my 90 days of misery.  Well, I arrived at the practice, which was in a hospital, the place we're all trying not to go, the doctor listened to me for ten minutes, and then asked me to come into her office and stand at her computer (I had just explained to her that standing exacerbates my tachycardia and dizziness.) She proceeds to mansplain all of my previous lab results, the ones I already know about, condescendingly hammering on all the things that came back normal, glossing over the ones that didn't.  Glossing over the fact that I was in the ER three times because I was having uncontrollable tremors, near fainting, tachycardic, struggling to breathe.  She then says, "I don't think your symptoms are a sign of infection, active or otherwise.  You don't have Covid, you never did.  That's what the tests say."  I remind her of the prevalence of false negatives in Covid tests and the even more abysmal inaccuracies in the antibody tests.  She ignores this completely. 

"Have you considered anxiety?" she says.  I'm livid.  This not the first time this has been asked or implied and it won't be the last I'm sure.  Do you know how much anxiety I have left at this point?  Basically zero.  Every single day for three months, I've had to relinquish control and deeply accept that this thing just might kill me.  There were many nights when I simply couldn't be sure I would wake up in the morning.  And I had to shrug and go to sleep anyway.  The ER trips feel like old news now.  Last time I quietly sat and watched SpongeBob with a resting heart rate over 100 for hours. The doctors' appointments are like my full-time job.  I fear no results, at this point, because at least they are fucking information.  I'm probably calmer than I've been in years. Because freaking out constantly for three entire months would not have been sustainable, would not have been constructive, was not an option, nor an appealing one.  I understand anxiety, I have had it in the past.  This is not that.  Anxiety would be understandably exacerbated by these terrorizing symptoms, and, yet, I am calm.  I understand that anxiety, being a very real physiological condition, must be considered and ruled out, but this is not what they're doing.  Every doctor I've seen who has implied it does so as a little jab, a little bullying afterthought, not in the context of a line of questioning that comes from genuine clinical curiosity.. They can't explain what they are seeing so they try to scapegoat a plethora of real physical symptoms on a state of mental unrest that simply isn't there.

Does my heart rate now spike over 100 when I'm brushing my teeth because, after 30 years, I'm suddenly anxious that I'm doing it wrong?  Does my Fitbit congratulate me on earning "Zone minutes" @ 147 because, on this, the millionth occasion of standing outside talking to my neighbors for a minute, I am suddenly crippled with anxiety?

I didn't come for her to prove or validate that I had Covid - I recognize it is theoretically possible that I might or might not have, and I will probably never know or have proof either way.  I didn't come because I'm scared.  I came because I've had untreated and unexplained symptoms for a quarter of a year, I am debilitated, and my quality of life is unacceptable.  I came because my cardiologist feels my heart symptoms do not originate in the heart itself, and some kind of inflammation or other external factor is causing it to behave this way.  

As she's talking to me, THE INFECTIOUS DISEASE DOCTOR, her ONE flimsy surgical mask is falling off her face repeatedly. Slipping down under her nose. Sometimes she adjusts it with her hands, sometimes she leaves it there.  I finally interrupt her to tell her her mask is falling off her face.  "I know," she says, "it keeps doing that.  I don't know how to fix it."  No other PPE, no gloves.  I'm growing increasingly angry and uncomfortable as she talks to me in this enclosed space. She is not only wasting my time, invalidating my very real symptoms, and gaslighting me, she's endangering me while doing it.  She says I should follow up with cardiology (thanks, I'm already doing that,) and my PCP (who refused to see me until my textbook Covid symptoms had passed, then told me to go home and take Tylenol for my crippling leg pain.) She refuses to dignify the possibility of Covid (which my consulting physician says is frankly irresponsible and insane), refuses to acknowledge this could even be a post-viral condition of any kind, makes no recommendations and has no ideas.  She tells me she sees "nothing for her to do here."  I had waited so long for this appointment, and this is what I get.  Of course it is.  I'm in a hospital, trapped in an enclosed space with an ID doctor who isn't taking the most basic Covid safety precautions, who's telling me I have nothing and never did, who has no interest in even trying.  She seems to want to keep talking, but I get up and said, "well, I guess we're done here," and walk out. Conscious breathingHey everybody. I (27M, pretty athletic) felt some shortness of breath starting about two weeks ago. I assumed it was allergies or my lungs adjusting because I had quit smoking tobacco last month. Then last Tuesday I fainted after walking down the stairs. Since around then, I have to constantly breathe “manually.” It gets a little scary going to sleep at night and I’ve woken up a few times realizing I wasn’t breathing. I got a nasal swab test on Sunday, still waiting for results. But with the fainting, fatigue, and SOB I’m reasonably sure I have it.

I guess I’m just asking (or maybe begging) for some reassurance from someone who experienced it that this “conscious breathing” will go away in time. It’s so anxiety-inducing, I don’t think I will take autonomous breathing for granted ever again!

Sending love to anybody reading this. This is such a scary time and you guys have really helped me stay calm and informed. 

TLDR - can someone who experienced regular “manual/conscious breathing” tell me how long it lasted for and if they recovered? Thanks again People with tachycardia post-COVID—how long before you recovered? Any tips?My only remaining symptom is an elevated heart rate, palpitations, and an increase in HR whenever I stand up or do any real activity. Resting HR is in the low 80s usually but it’s been in the 70s and 60s on good days, but there was one day where my RHR was in the 95-105 range for a bit. Standing up and walking around brings my heart rate to the 105-120 range. I’ve been dealing with this for just over a week now (I originally got sick the second of May and had a somewhat mild but still spooky period of two weeks dealing with that). 

I got really scared when my HR was noticeably elevated that one day and went to the ER where an EKG, chest X-ray, and labs all came back normal except for signs of some dehydration. 

How long before this symptom went away (if at all) for people who experienced it? Any tips on how to deal with it? I just want life to go back to normal :( 60-90 days into illness. Decided to go for a bike ride. Could finally breathe normally without SOB after 3 monthsI've been miserably ill since March and today I decided to go for a bike ride. Not long, just a mile and I noticed that I had no SOB and could finally breathe normally. I've had chest tightness and feeling like something is stuck in My throat. 

Just wanted to share this to ignite some hope for all the long haulers on this sub. I'm by no means recovered, but I'm getting better. Has anyone had leg pains/aches? Confused 22MMy symptoms started March 1st. Started off with muscle aches and general malaise. Then later developed sinus aches ( pressure behind nose and eyes). Later I started waking up with extremely red eyes with crusties forming on them. As time went on I’ve had a variety of symptoms including burning skin sensations in my back, toes, feet, etc. I experienced low grade fever, random pains in random parts of the body, chills, nausea, diarrhea that consists of frequent loose stools all the while feeling very unwell( viral ickiness) . Here’s the confusing part, I haven’t actually tested positive for covid nor the antibodies. Almost 4 months in and I’ve had multiple other tests that all came back negative. Does anyone relate with any of these symptoms... what else could it possibly be? Some Hope!Hey All,

Day 95 (?) have been through the trenches - tachycardia, fatigue, sleep problems, GI nonsense, chest pain, SOB mostly being the lingering symptoms. Just want to ignite some hope in you all - Thursday (my day 91) had been my worst day in probably over a month.. absolutely awful GI day and was fatigued like no other, not to mention overall upset about getting sick again. What a disheartening feeling that was... I had been feeling much better the preceding couple of weeks and thought I was back to square one. Thing is Friday - Sunday I had planned a quick weekend getaway with my significant other, and after being locked up for 3 months I was not going to give up on that. So I went with the stipulation that we take it slow but also try to push me a bit out of my comfort zone to try reconditioning myself to "normalcy".

I had a great weekend y'all. I drove 2+ hours without issue, went on a small hike (nature walk really), walked around a good amount, was on a boat, ate whatever I wanted, lasted through a full day out of bed and kept the energy reasonably high. The only thing that being a long hauler kept me from was drinking alcohol (aside from one glass of wine with dinner).

The reason I'm posting this update is multi-faceted. One.. don't give up hoping. Like I said Thursday was genuinely my worst day in months and I was absolutely depressed that I'd fallen back to square one - I'd been through relapses before and they do get shorter and shorter, so no matter how bad it may seem trust your body to be working in your best interest. Two.. anxiety plays a roll in this. I know this seems to be taboo on this sub but returning to some sort of normalcy is good for you. I fully recognize that there are physical aspects to this virus that are cause all of us pain and suffering, but the fact that we've been locked in our homes for months wallowing isn't good for both our physical and mental health. Try to shake things up somehow!! Take your time getting there but push yourself within reason once you are.

Who knows what the upcoming days will bring (as if anyone knows) but this weekend was a HUGE victory for me, both physically and mentally, and I'm hoping that you are all able to share in some of my victories soon enough! I need success stories!![removed] Is it actually a good thing that Covid-19 kills mostly seniors? Need help reading these results[removed] Long termers- continued isolation?I got sick Feb 15 &amp; still have symptoms (but no fever in a long time). I had a negative test a few weeks ago. My adult kids want me to come visit them as we haven't seen each other in 4 months.

When I was first sick, I started to feel better for a few days and was told "there is no way this is covid, don't worry about it" (thanks idiot doctor), so I saw all four of my kids and their dad's family for my son's birthday Feb 24. Based on how most respiratory viruses act, I didn't think I was contagious and I have had to cancel for that son's birthday almost every year recently because I've been sick and didn't want to let him down again.

Everyone in the household got sick to varying degrees over the next couple of weeks. (Yes, I feel like an idiot and asshole.) Nobody has been tested for antibodies yet, but my current doctor says she's pretty sure if they got sick after my visit, they probably had covid and have some immunity (but who the heck knows??).

What are everyone's thoughts on my seeing family? Should I continue to not see them, see them but wear a mask/distance &amp; not have any physical contact or just assume we've all probably got at least temporary immunity and just act normal (which for us involves a lot of hugging and cooking together)? 

I'm worried:

* I could infect them because I'm still symptomatic

* They could reinfect me - my immune system isn't great so I'm worried I never made antibodies to covid 

* I could get exposed to a different virus and holy hell what a nightmare

They want me to move there for awhile, and the current plan is for me to be there half the week and at my partner's half the week (I've been here since I got sick), but maybe that is a stupid plan. Can I have what amounts to one household in two separate buildings?

Too brain dead to think straight. Another Relapse?!I’m at 90 days plus... thought I was better two weeks ago and got a lot of numbness and tingling mostly in my hands and feet. Someone on here suggested taking B12 and it helped in a few days and I felt better. NOW it seems I have Gastro symptoms. Did anyone else not  get Gastro symptoms until after three months in? I’m thinking maybe it’s caused by something else. Post Recovery Night SweatsAnyone experience night sweats after recovery? I am almost 3 months out from when my fever ended and have recovered as far as I can tell without issues. The only thing that sucked after was the lingering fatigue and mental fog and that lasted maybe a month. 

I did some strenuous yard work yesterday in the heat and was pretty beat afterwards. Last night I felt pretty bad - Fatigued and just burned out. During the night I woke up with night sweats and couldn't sleep worth anything.   


Anyone experience the same in post recovery? Still experiencing some chest tightnessMy fitness is back to normal but I will sometimes get some chest tightness. I do get panic attacks which I'm sure makes it worse. SpO2 normal just uncomfortable. Mild/odd symptoms[removed] Month 3So I thought I'd share my experience right now.

At the moment I think I'm slowly improving. It remains difficult to even say that with symptoms always coming back to spontanously, but I do feel that the number of symptoms is slowly going down. At least subjectively the sheer amount of symptoms on a bad day seems to have decreased.

The main issue remaining is tachycardia. I think the average of my heartbeat is going down slowly as well, but I still have nights where I wake up feeling like I'll suffocate, sweaty and with a crazy racing heart completely unable to ever fall asleep again. But then I have nights where I'm absolutely fine too, so I'm hoping the frequency of those will increase.

Symptoms that have faded: Cough, chestpain, diarrhea, kidneypain, tingly hands/feet, sore throat

In three months I have been unable to find a single doctor who will take me seriously. I must have talked to 10 or so doctors by now, each one of them ruling out that I'm sick. I've had my lungs checked, been doing bloodtests, they made a swab test after 2 months, when it couldn't be positive and I also have a negative antibody test, which each doctor I talk to instantly refers me to. The WHO says that Covid19 takes two weeks, I'm told. Every single doctor I have talked to has clearly not taken any time to look into updated information and I can't say that they were willing to listen to it either.

Quite frankly, I am thankfull to be a fairly confident and selfreflected person. Mostly this sub allowed me to find and process all the information I needed to know that I'll eventually be fine. Of course every medical conversation leads to the typical and lazy "It's probably anxiety" (even though medically speaking, that was ruled out by an emergency doctor I had check me up during a flare up), at this point it's just hilarious because I couldn't treat this in a calmer fashion. When I wake up half suffocated during the night, I'm more annoyed then scared these days.

So to conclude, it does get better, albeit really slowly and I really want to encourage everyone in similar shoes to stay calm. I have been completely alone through three months, having to cut off contact even with friends who just don't get it, unable to obtain a single usefull piece of advice from doctors and still it's getting better. 

All you need it patience. Covid 19[removed] Long termers: best imaging test for chest pain?13 weeks here. I have a ton of peripheral nerve pain still (diagnosed with post-viral neuritis) but I also have bad ongoing chest pain. It’s been a relentless burning, but now it’s back to stabbing when I take breath, and I’m back on an inhaler that seems to help. I haven’t slept on my side in three months, and I don’t like sitting in chairs. 

I had a clear chest x-ray back on March 31. My cardiologist doesn’t think it’s the heart, but offered an echocardiogram to check for pericardial effusion, but he didn’t think it likely, so I haven’t done it. My heart hasn’t felt weird for two months or so. Nobody has proposed any other tests. 

Is there a test that would be most useful here? Something that could cover heart and lungs? It’s 13 weeks of this bullshit, I need a starting place, I’m not made of money, and it’s clear the doctors are not in charge here. 

Has anyone found anything at this stage...? Did any of y'all experience erectile dysfunction?I have been getting less morning wood and my penis simply wont get erect. 

It was fine before...idfk whats happening... How Do Get Food?Okay, in all seriousness, my gf just got tested yesterday. Still waiting on the covid results, but since she came up negative on flu and strep, we were told to presume it's covid. So that's fun.

Her symptoms are mild-ish. Mild fever, coughing, shortness of breath, fatigue, nothing life-threatening. I don't have symptoms yet, but I'm pretty much guaranteed to have it too, so we're being very cautious. We haven't gone out since she got that answer from the urgent care center, but it raises a question. How do we get food without exposing others? How have others here gone about acquiring food without outside help? Possible COVID Positive waiting on Test - Work NightmareSo I woke up 2 days ago absolutely miserable. I was feeling a bit meh the night before but woke up feeling like I got hit by 12 people with bags full of bars of soap. I felt SO bad I went to the ER because I was exhibiting the following symptoms.

Fever (102F)

Super weak/Exhausted

Chills - Soon as I took the blanket off me I was absolutely freezing

Sweating, SO much sweat I soaked my bed overnight

No real coughing or sneezing a few dry coughs that were a bit painful

Chest wasn't super tight but felt like I couldn't take FULL breaths

&amp;#x200B;

Obviously I was very concerned and I really just didn't feel well so I bit the bullet and went to the Hospital

Got to the ER and they took me in right away, were super professional and very caring. They monitored all vitals no issues with blood pressure, breathing was still pretty shallow and my temp stayed around 102 even with tylenol. They did a full chest xray and tested me for EVERYTHING possible. Nose swabs for all Flu types, throat swabs, blood work for DAYS and towards the end I figured they were only trying to rule out everything first then to test me. Well I spoke with the charge nurse via phone as I was isolated and she told me that since everything came back fine but I was showing all symptoms and maintaining temp they were just going to order me to self isolate and that testing is only done to patients in dire situations. Makes sense, got the order and sent to my job via scan.

Got a call back very quickly saying that I "needed" to get a test done as soon as possible. So I went test hunting and EVERYWHERE I called (12 locations) everyone was booked up till next week. Earliest was Sunday but that was not guaranteed. I called work and said I am tired and sick and not going to drive around trying to find a testing site but if they could help me out and find me something I would be more than happy to go.

Get a call back an hour later as I am pulling in and they said they got an appointment for tomorrow (which was yesterday) and it was a rapid test I would have results in 10 min or less! I said no problem I would be there. I arrive and its this holistic place with healing crystals, and natural remedies everywhere..... WONDERFUL! As I am checking in I notice a posted plaque for the test they use from a company called Biomed Sciences and that it was an antibody test. Now I am not scientist but I pride myself in staying knowledgeable as possible. I ask questions like isn't this test meant to be taken AFTER you already had to virus to determine you WERE sick not currently sick? Also mentioned last I read from the CDC antibodies don't typically start showing until 7-10 days AFTER symptoms first appear. She said no, this test also checks for the ACTUAL virus.... which doesn't make sense because this is a blood test. This virus isn't going to be in my blood stream just my lungs. 

Of course the test results came back and she said you are negative for covid. Now at this point I am not only positive I have COVID but in the short amount of time it took to wait for the results I actually called the company and talked to the director of sciences department who was not only SHOCKED to hear that I was given this test to determine if I HAVE COVID but immediately wanted to the information from the "office" that provided me this information. About 30 minutes after I left I received an apologetic phone call from the front desk lady saying they were "misinformed" and that they would be contacting ALL patients to make sure they know too. Apparently they have been doing this for months.... MONTHS. 

I called work to inform them the situation and they said that I must be mistaken..... so I guess they got a phone call from them too because they set everything up and paid for it then called me asking me to go to ANOTHER appointment this coming Tuesday.... and results I wouldn't get back for 10-14 days which by then my quarantine would be over. I just wanna rest and honestly I am kinda pissed off I feel like this is all just because they think I am lying. Anyways just thought I would share my story and see if anyone else is dealing with similar situations. I actually feel a bit better today (day 3) but I have read that people will feel better, then get worse..... so I am a bit worried if what I went through isn't the worst I can't imagine it getting bad....

My fever has reduced drastically 

Chills are gone but weakness is still there as well as exhaustion 

Nose super runny today chest still tight and sweating is coming and going

Also I now cant taste ANYTHING. My spicy soup now tastes like hot water and it's hard to hold anything down. Anti-bodies detectedHi everyone. So in Mid March I got nearly all the symtoms of Covid except loss of taste or smell. Other than that the viral attack lasted for two weeks, first being the really tough one with fever of about 100-103 , joint pains , severe cough and headaches. At that time Corona was just starting. There were a few cases in my Country, so didn't bother getting a pcr test. Well, fast forward yesterday , got an antibody test for Sars Covid and it was detected as reactive, which means I had contacted corona . The cut off limit was 1.0 and my limit was 7.54 for IGg antibody.. so kind of relieved about it. Happy to answer any questions. Presumed positive and my wife is pregnant.Hello all, my wife is 25 weeks pregnant and I haven't been feeling well since Tuesday. I went and took a test yesterday and the nurse said all my symptoms match up with covid. Since I began to feel ill, I have isolated myself from my wife and kids, but my question is, if my wife somehow gets it from me, will it send her into premature labor? I can't find much info on pregnant women with covid. I would feel so guilty if anything were to happen to either of them so I'm just looking for advice. Thank you. Presumed positive from doctor but tested negative twiceHi everyone,

My boss and coworker have tested positive for the virus. I've been coughing and having a fever since the 9th. My live in gf tested positive today.  I've had an xray and Ct scan on my lungs that's shown a pretty big infection going on.

Has anyone kept having false negatives? How long does it take to get your sense of taste&amp;smell back?This is by FAR the worst symptom i've had of corona, it really fucking sucks not being able to feel the taste of the stuff you're eating, I think I these senses on day 2, i'm on day 6 atm.. Long Haulers, how is it going so far? Is it getting better? Has anyone had bruising? Longtimer afraid of getting sick againI was sick for 50+ days, was treated for pneumonia as well, tests were not available initially when I was able to get transport to a facility, my doctor evaluated my symptoms and their duration and treated me as though I was positive. The scans I got after pneumonia symptoms were consistent w that as well. I’m still having fatigue and shortness of breath. My last test was negative. I haven’t taken an antibody test (I know they’re...not something we should be drawing firm conclusions from anyway). I’m just so scared I’m going to get it again. My city reopened prematurely and the deaths are going back up. People aren’t really wearing masks as much. I almost never leave my apt and only see my boyfriend but... he is a pizza delivery worker. I don’t know I just want to share how scared I am it is bad anxiety Burning toes anybody ? 4 months of symptoms...im fed up.I started feeling unwell at the end of February/beginning of march...

Back then doctors weren’t really aware of covid or the variety of symptoms is can cause. Through the beginning of this ordeal i was prescribed a plethora of antibiotics - none worked.

Towards mid march i ended up in A&amp;E after my heart rate began soaring to 170bpm at rest. They tested me for everything for flu, glandular fever, strep and thyroiditis. All negative. I was given PPIs.

Reffered to ENT a week later who suspected covid and tried to send me over for testing - the test centre refused as i had no fever or cough. Also sent for CT scan which came back clear. Given a course of steroids.

Mid april i ring my doctor again - presumed covid but i did not qualify for test. Prescribed more PPIs and anti nausea meds.


**FIRST SYMPTOMS;**  *end of feb - mid march*
Body aches, sore throat, lump in throat sensation, ear pain, headache, oxygen levels 93% 

**SYMPTOMS AT PEAK OF ILLNESS;** *mid march - mid may*
All of the above + extreme dizziness, exhaustion, nausea, neck stiffness, chest pain, burning sensation in chest, shortness of breath, sternum pain, metallic taste in mouth, sore tongue, dry mouth, sore roof of mouth, acid reflux, bloating, loss of appetite, chills. 

**CURRENT SYMPTOMS;** 
Sore tongue, metallic/soapy taste in mouth, sore throat, on/off dizziness, headache, nausea, lack of appetite, exhaustion. 


I have also developed a strange noticable lump on my upper eyelid which seems to flair up and down as it pleases and im having minor pressure/pain behind that eye. Feels like a vein when pressed im not sure if its related, no doctor will see me right now anyway.


At the height of my illness i felt like death warmed up. I was bedridden and spent most of my time in and out of sleep. My mental health has been on a rollercoaster of a ride. I now feel well enough to be up and about but still have those nagging symptoms which dont seem to be showing any signs of letting up.

Im 26 with no underlying health conditions.

**i just want to feel normal again** :( Any other women have Covid present itself in conjunction with your period?[removed] Have other women had Covid symptoms present on or near start of their period?[removed] How accurate are positive antibody tests from Quest if you’ve had symptoms?I just got antibody test results back from quest and I’m not sure what it actually means. Mine were positive. 

I was sick with covid symptoms in nyc in March. How likely is it that I did have it? I would like to donate plasma. Same symptoms three months apart 😬Hello and hope everyone will get better. 

Early March, my partner and her roommate and I all woke up with that groggy ultra headache. We all got better in a few weeks except for my partner. She is STILL sick with all the symptoms. I have been healthy the whole time until I was intimate with her after three months assuming I was immune. I was wrong, I woke up 36 hours later with the same headache as three months earlier. In addition, my cat was really ill for one night too. So what does this mean? UPDATE: Haven't had any issues for over a month now!I've posted in this sub many times since March when my symptoms first appeared (check post history if interested). I'm happy to say that for over a month (maybe closer to two months) I haven't had any flare ups or symptoms, even before/during my period. I wanted to post this update to kind of balance out the general fear that this lasts forever. There were some points where I was just so hopeless and scared that at 24 my health would be forever altered or that I might suddenly deteriorate- I hope this update restores a little hope for anyone in this sub who's scrolling through posts getting more panicky with each post! Also, I have been working out heavily for this entire month. I bike with resistance for approx 20-25 miles at least 2-3 times a week, and do weights followed by a 30 min HIIT circuit on the other days. I've also been taking thc edibles and occassionally drinking as well. The only thing I have completely cut out of my lifestyle is smoking of any kind- which I don't miss in the slightest. Feel free to PM me with any questions! Today my son was born. I can't see him yet. Waiting for my Covid test resultsHere in Mexico tests take 24 hours at least.

I started with diarrhea Sunday and Monday, then Monday sore throat and coughs, mid fever, took Tylenol (paracetamol here), and mid headache,

Next day same symptoms except for diarrhea but the fever had me on bed entire Tuesday and Wednesday still I went to doctor on Tuesday and suggested me to go for a test.

Yesterday I went to test doctors and they called me today for my test. 

My son was born today at 3 15 am I can't see him or my wife in person ti I get the results hopefully tomorrow. Feeling so sad about this but I know it's part of the process for their security. I have a daughter and they all have been with my mother since I began with symptoms.

I hope this is not positive.

Today I have been with a strong hiccup, they say it may be caused by stomach acids because I haven't eaten much these days. Interesting discussion/study at UCSF on long-termers[removed] Easily bruised during COVID recoveryI have a question for long hauliers like me,

Have you noticed if you are easily bruised on your legs during your recovery? I have painful and kind of burning legs during this time, and I notice whenever I have these symptoms, I notice bruises on my legs. They pop up kinda red, then turn yellow or greenish and eventually disappear. I assume it is the blood vessels rupturing under the skin. Honestly don't have any explanation for this. If you do get, did it eventually stop? 

Thank you My parents don't believe Covid-19 exists and won't let me get tested despite doctor's recommendation, what do I do?I'm living with my parents right now as I'm in the process of transferring universities, and I've had symptoms for the past four days. I did a virtual consultation with a doctor and she recommended I get tested immediately, but I can't drive myself so I asked my parents if they could take me and they started screaming at me. They're undereducated and believe a lot of whacky shit. They told me how coronavirus is just the common cold, and that covid is a cover-up to hide the fact that Hillary Clinton is on house arrest for pedophilia, and that testing is just an excuse go put trackers in your brain, etc. etc. Now this would be hilarious if it wasn't for the fact that they probably won't take me to go get tested, which I want to do because I work a customer service job and would like to give my work a heads-up to let them know. Is there anything I can do to convince them? Success Story: 6 Weeks Symptom-Free[removed] Covid-19 symptom? Entire back instantly felt bruised up. No bruisesI've been really sick lately from a COVID-19 flareup but last night I got a new symptom and wanted to know if anyone else has as well.  


I was resting in bed and noticed that my arm felt bruised. Then I noticed my entire arm, shoulder and back felt bruised and it mirrored the other side as well. The pain starts at my chest, goes above my shoulders and all the way down my back. This seemed to come out of nowhere. The bruising pain is still here today. I haven't exercised and it feels like I should be black and blue but I'm not.  


I'm dealing with a TON of inflammation right now and on a new steroid to help deal with new inflammation around my heart making it hard to breathe and causing chest pain.  Not sure if it's a side effect, more inflammation, or my brain is playing some crazy sensory tricks on me. Post covid-ExperienceHello, I’ve had the covid-19 rollercoaster since end of February. It’s gotten to the point where I pretty much feel back to normal but my left lower rib is a big ache that spreads to my sternum and right rib, gi issues like stomach sensitivity, burning sensation near my chest near my neck and general fatigue not to mention a general hot feeling. I know 16 weeks in I’ve come farther than most but I’m beginning to wonder if there’s a light at the end of this tunnel. Any else still ha big delays kicking this thing or any similar lingering symptoms? A possible explanation for long term symptomsI have been looking into information about tissue recovery within our bodies in hopes to try and understand what exactly is happening.

I think I may have found an explanation about why a lot of us are experiencing long term lung and neurological issues and constant relapses due to increased activity.

When a body is attacked by a virus it technically sustains an acute injury. 

In order to repair the injury the body starts a 3-step process:

1. Inflammation. The purpose of this step is to clean up the injured area and provide needed nutrients to initiate repair. During inflammation we may experience: swelling, heat, loss of function (SOB in lungs and tingling/numbing etc with neuro issues), redness, and pain. 

2. Repair phase. In this phase signs and symptoms of inflammation subside and we start to feel better. The body builds granulation tissue that keeps the area intact and prepares our body for final cell regeneration. 

BUT!!! granulation tissue is very fragile and can’t sustain increased activity levels. If we increase activity  the tissue breaks down taking us back to the inflammation process (technically we relapse).

3. Remodelling phase. This is when body rebuilds permanent tissue. After the process is done, we feel fully recovered. But the new tissue is usually very stiff and it is important to initiate gradual return to normal activities to regain previous function. 

It is important to note that nerve and lung tissue have the slowest regeneration speeds - it literally takes months to complete the 3 step process above. 

I think a lot of us are stuck between the first two phases. 

What do you guys think about this?

Edit: wanted to add how to distinguish between the phases based upon how you feel:

1. Inflammation - The pain sensation produced during the inflammatory response is global (felt in a large area) because it is chemically induced and affects both damaged and surrounding tissues. People typically describe constant pain over a broad region that significantly limits function. They may have difficulty isolating the injury location during this initial phase and difficulty resting or sleeping is common. 

2. Repair phase - people often report more specific areas of pain as the chemicals of inflammation dissipate and healing processes centralize in areas of damage. People are tempted to test the injured area as inflammation and pain localize, symptoms become more intermittent, and function improves.

3. Regeneration phase - full recovery. 2 weeks in, still have a fever but tested negative!Probably picked up this “unknown viral infection” from protests. I took the risk knowing I can isolate myself and not infect others, and I’m 28 and healthy. 


Symptoms started w/ GI issues, then got a low grade fever and tested the first or second day I had a fever. 


My test came back neg, but 2 weeks later I still have a low grade fever, now with a sore throat, mild cough, &amp; awful fatigue. My fever has gradually gotten worse as well and I still have the GI symptoms. 


I went to the doctor this morning (before I just did teledoc) and my lungs looked okay, thankfully! I also got tested again. This time it was the short swab and not that awful torture device. Results pending. 


I don’t feel TERRIBLE but it’s sooo exhausting. I wish I had a short bad flu instead of this lingering bullshit. 


Curious if anyone had any experiences with false negatives, or any other similar stories. 


Also - any advice on how to deal with persistent fevers? Strange temp and pulse fluctuationsHi everyone,

So I’ve been dealing with COVID symptoms for about the last 7 weeks.  Last couple weeks have been hardest for SOB and rib soreness.  Today I felt kind of strange before taking a nap, kind of like a real bad case of brain fog.  I woke up with a pulse that kept going up and down (between 70 to mid 90s).  I took my temperature  because I felt a little warm and it was normal, about 98.7.  After about 5 minutes, felt warmer and temp rose to the 99s as high as 100.5.  Then, maybe 5 minutes later it felt the fever “broke” and it was normal again.  Has anyone else had these issues of “rolling fevers” and breathing fluctuations?  I had some issues with this before, but not for a few weeks. Can we talk about the leg discomfort?Please tell me I’m not the only one feeling this. I’m 3 months in and the leg pain started at 2 months. Sometimes it’s in my calves, other times it’s in my shins or ankles. It’s even in my butt and down my quads. Maybe since I’m a runner this symptom seems way more serious than it actually is but it’s frustrating and I hope I’m not the only one dealing with this.

P.S I did get a D Dimer and it was negative Lingering symptoms...36/M very healthy. 

Slight fatigue and lower throat / upper chest flem have persisted well over a month now. 

Does this mean I could be potentially spreading the virus still? I’ve been very careful, but looking to take a trip soon to see my parents. Obviously won’t depending on answers... My stomachHello everyone, I hope you all are doing well. A lot of my post are just asking if someone can relate to me so I feel less crazy, but anyways I was wondering if anyone had stomach issues later on in their sickness. My stomach has been hurting for the past week and I keep thinking is this a new symptom or something else. People don’t understand the fear of Loss of Smell/TasteHumans rely on their senses. I will admit in the big scheme of symptoms loss of smell and taste seemed mild when I read about it in the news. 

Until you experience it. It’s frightening and disorienting. I find myself constantly trying to smell different foods, plants, soaps, etc. 

Although it seems vain and not important during these times. I’m very subconscious now about how my home, car and my body smell. Because I have no idea! 

I’m thankful I’m alive and healthy. Yet our senses are part of what makes us human. I continue to share the importance of following CDC and local guidance on staying healthy. I do not want anyone else to experience this. 

We’re all in this together. Yes we are alive and functioning, but it’s ok to be frustrated and upset about our symptoms. More we can spread awareness the better. 

My heart goes out to all of you. Long Haulers: Are many/most of us Athletes?Day 94. Runner. still intermittent SOB, exercise triggered. 

I’m reading that many of us Covid Long Haulers are athletic and symptoms are re-triggered by exercise or exertion. 

My last episode was Day 84/85 and it was pretty close to what my Day 13 Hell Day was. Almost went back to the ER.  

Have been taking it fairly easy since. Some minor physical activity but no hard cardio. 

Are there no sedentary Long haulers? Smoker Long Haulers? Electrolytes and insomniaI'm making an "electrolyte drink" with 2 cups water, 1/4 cup fruit juice, 1/4 tsp salt and taking one 99mg potassium pill just before bed. This seems to be helping me sleep and reducing my amount of awakenings. Also went from drinking 2-3 pints of water per night to 1 or less. This plus side sleeping seems to be helping a lot. Neuromuscular/Guillain-Barre and Covid?34F, presumptive positive for a couple months now. My main issue is the shortness of breath, but there are many other weird symptoms going on. My doctor referred me to have a pulmonary function test last week, which I did and my results came back as:

Lung volume shows increased RV and low ERV - this is concerning for underlying NEUROMUSCULAR disease. Please correlate clinically.

Neuromuscular disease?! I'm seeing articles where Guillain-Barre is popping up in Covid patients and the symptoms of this closely resemble a lot of my weird symptoms (tired legs, frequent urination, spasms, bubble/tadpole feelings in legs, sob but lungs are clear, fast heart rate, fatigue). Has anyone else received this feedback from a doctor or had the same symptoms? Quick question—anybody noticed a strong heartbeat in their stomach/abdomen region?Just wondering GI Issues + extremely rapid heart rateHi guys! 26/F, first post. 

Got my test today- i’ll know if I’m positive by Friday, but the doctor is almost 100% that I have it. 

I seem to have the gastrointestinal strain of the virus, many symptoms- but the nausea and vomiting are plague me. I haven’t kept anything down in 24 hours. 

What’s weird is this average resting BPM. I usually have low blood pressure, am in great shape, and have an average resting heart rate of 65-70. Onset of symptoms were Sunday night, during which I averaged 100-110 average BPM. Yesterday it increased, 110-120, and today I’m averaging 120-130. 

I’ve had terrible respiratory illnesses in my past, so I know what 87% oxygen level feels like. I’m not there yet. I’m just wondering if 125-140 warrants a trip to the ER or not.... I’m feeling strain near my heart and on the left side of my chest, but not it’s not terrible. I’m scaredGetting my test tomorrow. I’m 19 years old, have bad asthma. My breathing is bad right now, headaches are bad. I don’t want to end up critical. Does anyone have any experience with asthma. Flu-like symptoms in March- Covid or not?Hello, So I basically think COVID19 came and went in Feb/March at our home but difficult to ascertain. In Feb, India was only testing people who have traveled abroad which I hadnt. Hence they wouldnt test me. AntiBody testing is not started in India so cant ascertain.

\- My 3yr old son. Blood Group: A+ Symptoms: Fever, Cough, enlarged lymph nodes. 

He was the first one to fall sick and probably went the worse from us all. He came home from kindergarten school in the afternoon and started coughing. He has a history of febrile convulsions and that same night we found him getting a convulsion in his sleep with a high fever of 101 F. We immediately look him to the ER and kept him on paracetomol and flu medications. Since he had a history of febrile, he was released in an hour with medications and anti-biotics.

Cough and cold continued for the better part of the month with some extremely high fever at 104/105 Deg F where we literally put him in the bathtub to bring the temperature down.  After a good 7 days of fever fighting, it went away only for a 101F Fever to come back after in a week time with inflamed lymph nodes. This too subsided in a week time. 

Post which after he had a few coughing fits which died down by March. Since March 2020, no symptoms. 

\- Me, 37yr old Male with BMI on the higher side but not overweight. Not good fitness level. Blood Group: A+ Symptoms: Runny Nose, Stuffy Nose, SOB, Loss of Taste, Fatigue, Body Ache

I felt sick probably within 2 to 3 days after my son. I distinctly remember this flu for my inability to get up at all. I kept on sleeping for the full day and didn't go to work for 3 days. I had a strange metallic taste in my mouth for the longest amount of time. I dont remember a loss of smell but I do remember this metallic taste. 

My primarily symptom was runny nose with phlegm that just wouldn't stop. The runny nose, sneezing, cough didn't stop for a good 10 days.  I didn't have fever except for one day (3rd day) when it was mild like 99 deg F. On the 4th day of symptoms onset, I went to our doctor and even joked if this was coronavirus. She said due to absence of fever and lack of any testing facilities in India, it is impossible to tell but just told me to take some paracetmol and lay low.  On the 10th day from my symptoms onset I had a bad case of again body ache and fatigue. I had to take a day off from work on this day too. But this went away soon, and I was back at work the next day itself.

I was kinda fine by March 4th with my initial symptoms onset approx around Feb 18th. Since then obviously the COVID19 situation has exploded in India and the world. As on June 2020 (so after 3 months of this), I still have shallow breathing, tightness of chest, my pulse monitor is kinda in the 100 range (which I am blaming on anxiety), and get tired fast. I have a pulse oximeter at home which I bought in April 2020 (after all my symptoms), and it is  in a range 98% to 99% but yet I feel I am unable to take breaths. I have had a stuffy nose since March 2020. 

\-Father, 67 yr old Male. He is a lot fitter than me in terms of BMI. Does a lot of Yoga and breathing exercises. Blood Group: A-

He felt sick after a few days since my symptoms onset. He was in bed for 2 days with fatigue. He was also up probably around the same time as I was and probably had a much milder version than mine. Doesn't remember even falling sick much and is unable to explain any symptoms besides having a slight fever, cold and lots of fatigue. 

\- Wife, 35 yr old female. Blood Group :O- Doesn't remember falling sick or having any major symptoms in March 2020. Does remember feeling tired but nothing out of the ordinary.

\-Mother, 65yr old female. Blood Group: A+ No symptoms. Has a comorbidity: recovered from Breast cancer without chemo 4yrs back. 

I got my hands on some rapid antibody testing kits which uses blood from a finger. These are certified by the local Indian equivalent of FDA called ICMR. We tested ourselves in May 20th 2020 (a good 3-1/-2 months after) and my father came 1gM and 1gG positive. We tested it twice to be sure and both times it was the same result.

However it came negative for me. I have tested myself 4 to 5 times at different days and all times it has come negative for any antibody. Hence this confusion. Also, I find it extremely difficult to believe my father got it, and we didnt since we have been in lockdown together since March 2020 and lockdown is still ongoing. 

The safest option is practice social distancing, sanitize everything and avoid going out but just unsure and the anxiety isnt helping. Chronic sore throat?21y female. 

My mother, sister and i got sick in february after a trip to Rome. We couldn’t get tested at the time due to low testing capacity and we’re told not to worry (politicians in my country are a joke). On march first i even went to the hospital with high fever (104F) and heart palpitations but got send back home without a test. In April, i still suffered from pain in my chest. My lips and feet got blue, my heart raced, i was sweating and i fainted. The cardiologist said there was no doubt i catched covid and it got to my heart. 

So now after 5 months, i’m still healing. I’m still tired everyday. Walking 15 minutes is hard. I never got tested, also not for antibodies. But everytime i talk to someone, go to the store,... my throat hurts the day after and it lasts for a couple of days. Everytime i’m scared i got infected again, but i never get more symptoms. Anyone experience this too? I stopped smoking in february, i don’t talk that much because i’m studying at the moment, i drink tea with honey all the time so i can’t find any other explanation. 20M - 3 months in and had 2 big ‘crashes”Hello all. I’m 20 years old and have pretty much been having the worst time of my life these past few months. 

I got sick way back in mid March before lockdown. Initial symptoms came on dramatically and included fever, chest pain, chills, headaches, change to taste/smell and just generally feeling awful.

I got gradually better over the next 3-4 weeks but still knew I wasnt right. I had regular headaches, morning nausea/fatigue and heart palpitations. 

Anyway I have had two big crashes in week 6 and week 13 where it just feels like my immune system goes nuts. Symptoms include fever, nausea, chest pain, headaches, rapid pulse,l and weakness in limbs.

Reached a point where I don’t know how I’m going to get out of this cycle and am really worried about the damage being done. The Atlantic - "Thousands Who Got Covid-19 in March Are Still Sick" - some rare validation for us long-termers[removed] Chest breathing after a monthSo it’s been a month since I first felt the breathing symptoms from covid. For 2 weeks, breathing was really hard from the diaphragm and I had to chest breath a lot. Now I feel like I may have taught myself to chest breath rather than getting full and satisfying breaths from my diaphragm. Has anyone else experienced this issue? Or am I still recovering from covid in general? I can tell my lungs definitely can’t take in as much air from my diaphragm as they could before I got sick. When will this end?I thought a couple weeks ago I had fully recovered, and I may be. But my joints will not stop hurting. Also, I know this seems weird but certain parts if my skin is extremely sensitive(painful to touch) now.  Has anyone else having these types of issues?
And of course I woke up Monday feeling like I'm getting sick again. It worries me because 1. I never got a positive test (did the rapid test about 3-4weeks into the initial onset). 2. I worry that if I wasn't really severe could I get it again? 

Edit: At the first part of March I had low grade fever, slight cough, headaches, chest pain and tightness and GI issues for about 8+ weeks. I think from what I have read I should be over all of it? Long termers need hope thread help!37m va-usa no precond / So I have had this shit since mid March. My symptoms that remain are tachycardia, rash on palms and bottoms of feet, GI issues, insomnia, and random shit like head aches. Rona that c*nt.  Because improvements are so few and in between, I like many are losing hope. Where are the long termers that have made it out? Please give me some hope.. is there any new research that is positive? I can't read shit comparing this to aids. One step forward two steps back! I'm losing it and people are walking around like this shit ain't even real. Anyone have any good news come in guys I need something gotta keep that PMA.  Help! Relapsed again.. but some hope.Hi all,

I posted last week about how I thought at the time I was almost fully recovered. I had gone on a walk 11 days in a row, was able to get pretty much all my work done during the day, and had moved on mentally.

Then this past Friday, entering week 13.. I crashed.. hard. I spent the majority of the weekend in bed, extremely frustrated about the whole thing. Honestly was probably the toughest few days of my life mentally.

But.. I started feeling better on Sunday night and today am basically back to where I was last week. Previous crashes had lasted a lot longer than this one. I also did a lot of thinking, and realized there were a few days last week where even though I thought I was fully recovered I really wasn't. For the past almost three months now I've been trying to brute force my way through this illness. It clearly is not working haha.

In my case, I wasn't honest with myself about how I truly felt, and I payed the price for it once again. I'm going to do things differently now, and will progress with activity reeeaaallllyyyyy slowly. I'm still confident I'll get through this.

I see a lot of posts on here where people talk about how they relapsed. Most if not all involve them getting better, or thinking they're getting better, and then jumping from doing nothing to going on long walks, runs, etc. in a matter of days.

For me, and seemingly for a lot of you all as well, our definition of 'success' is getting back to exercising. I'm trying to re-frame that to something more attainable at least for the next month or so. Weird reactions to medication and supplements[removed] People with lingering symptoms! I have a question.I have horrible lingering symptoms and yesterday being 8-9 weeks into this horror I decided I had had enough and I got extremely drunk. 

Felt almost normal during it and honestly it was amazing I definitely still had the lingering symptoms but I didn’t give a shit. 

Woke up today a bit tender but honestly feel better for it if I’m honest. 

Have any of you done this and how did it go? 

Hope you are all doing well big love 🙌 Wave #2, day 70-something, losing sense of smell again?I am having a resurgence of symptoms and woke up this morning with diminished sense of smell and taste much like I did at the beginning of my first wave.

Has anyone else experienced this? Any long termers with daily fevers ever stop having fevers?Hi guys. I'm a longtermer, entering my 4th month now. Been sick since March 12th. Presumed positive and not allowed to test at the time. Tested negative at 6 weeks and had 2 negative antibody tests on week 7 &amp; 8 and tested negative for everything my ID doctor tested me for. I've had elevated temps (99.5-100.3) since March. The temps have come down a bit for a few days only to spike back up again. This cycle has happened at least 5 times. Since late May my temps have been down (low 99s) and now they are back up to 99.8 daily for the last 5 days. Have any of you who had consistently elevated temps for months finally broken the fevers? I need to hear from those who have not had temps for at least a straight month. I'm starting to loose hope. Hate myself[deleted] Week 13 new symptoms, I was 100% end of May.. very sad ..Good morning fighters, today I really need some hope .. Starting my week 13, new symptoms last night... I have been trying so hard to stay positive upbeat for everyone around me. I hate when people feel sorry for me.. 

End of May I was ready to graduate from Covid, I was 100% , did long walks, energy was back, SOB disappeared, numb fingers resolved.. then 4th June, out of nowhere, I had bad inflammation on my cartilage/sternum, it gradually went away during the course of last week. 

Last evening my SOB (mild) came back, started to have muscle twitches (around left eye, thigh), and night sweat ( never in my life, nor during the 12 weeks of covid).. 

what more can I do to help symptoms and not get worse. are we going to have permanent nerve damage? 

sorry about this negative post, not in a happy place, slept 4 hours last night, 10hours conf call ahead , going to be a long day! How do you think this virus originated?[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/h9hxi6) Reinfected after 3 months!I, 41 m, first had symptoms March 7. I experienced a hangover headache with brain fog (I don’t drink alcohol) that lasted 5 days. My partner, 41 f, also got sick the same day. She has been sick ever since!!! After three months I finally kissed her and 36 hours later I woke up again with the same crazy headache and my cat couldn’t open her eyes she was so lethargic. She also vomited and had no appetite. My cat recovered the next morning. 

Reinfection is real 14 weeks in, still feeling rubbishHi,

I spoke with 111 in the U.K. mid march and was presumed positive (they weren’t really testing many people here then). I had a really rough ride and honestly thought it was going to kill me. Never had a temperature but had dry cough, SOB and my chest felt like someone was sitting on it all the time with barely any relief. A month or so past and I felt so much better, I was out for long walks and had energy and barely had any chest pain or shortness of breath but then suddenly it all just came back. This fatigue is like nothing i’ve ever known and i’ve had health problems in the past. I spoke with my doctor who did blood tests and found that my vitamin D levels were dangerously low, he put me on a 7 week course which I’m due to finish next week. It hasn’t helped at all. The fatigue, chest pain and SOB are still here and I am really at my wits end with it. This is my 14th week and I can’t get out of bed/off the sofa for longer than a few hours. I’ve read a lot of the posts on here of people with similar stories and it’s helping to know I’m not alone. I’m so tired of feeling like this. Do you think a trip to the doctor to have my chest checked again is wise? It’s a very isolating illness and I don’t want to worry my friends and family with my concerns. 30 day update after receiving Intravenous Vitamin C and Glutathione for flare up[removed] 30 day update after receiving Intravenous Vitamin C and Glutathione for flare up[removed] Regular Cannabis users and Long haul CovidFor all the long haulers (&gt;8 weeks) that used cannabis on a regular basis, did you have to stop using ?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/h8jwz5) Day 28 started sweating like crazy in my sleepSo let me sum it up my main symptoms stopped around day 11 after that I had  wave 2 come on day 23 (throat pain and coughing) but then it stopped now since 2 nights  I'm feeling very fatigue and I am sweating like crazy in my sleep even though the ac is on the highest setting I also have type 2 diabetes also ive had diarrhea for 28days aswell 😅 to keep my self hydrated I am drinking  sports drinks  (Gatorade  zero sugar) so should  I be worried about the sweat? does anyone have this type of face rash?Among many of the other symptoms this is that has constantly persisted. I have excema on my elbows and have always dry and sensitive skin. But usually with cream it lessens and is no longer itchy. This seems to get worse in the sun and itchier the next day. The rash goes around my eyes on my forehead and sides of face. Also some on neck to, itchy scalp as well. 

I have tested a full Elias CTD scan for lupus etc (fearing it was a malar rash) and i tested negative. Also my inflammation marker *(ESR)* was completely normal. 

Not many others seem to be getting the face rash who I've talked to? Would be reassuring if others know what might be going on. 

Thanks so much x

Here is rash

[https://imgur.com/PuHM7Oa](https://imgur.com/PuHM7Oa) does anyone else have face rash? day 79[removed] Hi long-termers - I've created a survey on the long-haul covid experience and various symptoms/timelines/experiences. Could you please fill it out?The data/analytics are open to all after filling out the survey - thanks.

I'm not a medical professional but I feel the data being collected could be useful for any medical practitioners.

[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSekaZjnyX39SUeSB-yavDOOTPYBK1IZozxHx9DK7Jj9a7gBsg/viewform?usp=sf\_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSekaZjnyX39SUeSB-yavDOOTPYBK1IZozxHx9DK7Jj9a7gBsg/viewform?usp=sf_link) Please be careful, I believe reinfection May be possible.
I’m not trying to scare anyone, but I just want to share my story so everybody can stay safe. I’m a 41 y/o f with no prior medical history who was in excellent health prior to contracting this virus. I became ill on March 7 with covid symptoms and have been battling them ever since. Although I feel much better I still have symptoms that come and go 14 weeks later. I still have intermittent chest tightness, dry cough, sob, tachycardia and and intolerance for activity, fatigue, body aches, headaches and some strange neuro symptoms. 

When I first contracted the virus on March 7th a close friend to me also became ill at the exact same time. We hug, share food, drinks, etc.  His only symptom was a severe headache that he described as “toxic” similar to a hangover. He said he it was a headache he has never experienced before and very unique in the way it made him feel. His headache lasted 2 weeks and passed and has felt great ever since. 

Recently he has been pressuring me to spend time together. I have been avoiding him because I didn’t want to get him sick and I’ve also been so sick I couldn’t imagine adding another illness to my already suffering body just in case he may be harboring something. 

Finally after over 3 months of my being ill and symptoms improving I saw him. Actually it was more like he just showed up at my house with food and told me enough time had gone by, we have/had the same thing and he’s not going to get sick again. I finally gave in, let him and we spent time together. We hugged, sat close together and he took the food I couldn’t eat and finished it. Although I didn’t agree with this, he is very stubborn and I decided it was probably okay as we both had the same thing 3 months ago. 

We it wasn’t ok. We saw each other last Thursday and on Saturday morning he woke up sick with the same toxic headache. We were both shocked. So far it feels the same for him. Hopefully he will recover faster and it won’t be as long but we don’t know yet. 

I’m just sharing this to let you know there is so much we don’t know. It leads me to believe that long haulers may have an active infection, rather than some of the other immune theories floating around out there.
Also leads me to believe we have limited immunity and you can get this twice. (Now I did test negative for the virus but I have been sick with all the symptoms for over 3 months that mirror people who have tested positive and tests have proved unreliable). 

Please be safe and continue to wear a mask and protect yourself and others even if you already had it and recovered. 🙏🏻 Today was the final straw: I’ve officially lost faith in doctors and I will do everything in my power to avoid them as much as possible for the rest of my life.Day 83
32F
AB

I’ve just returned from the emergency room (for the second time, my first visit was in mid May) due to ongoing pain in the left arm, left shoulder blade, heart area, and centre chest. The doctor told me that he cannot see anything wrong in my ECG and my blood work, perhaps I should go see a psychologist or a psychiatrist. If feels like doctors are blaming anything that they can’t explain on anxiety. Are doctors not allowed to tell patients that they don’t know what’s wrong with them?

I’m starting to feel really depressed, instead of comforting sick people, doctors kick you while you’re down. I feel like maybe it’s time to just accept whatever my fate is. If my body can pull through, that’s great, but a part of me also feels like the world is just filled with so many horrible people, why would anyone want to live here, maybe leaving wouldn’t be so bad. For those of you who have been dealing with this for a while....[removed] Update - long term (~60 days) case fully recoveredHey,

I thought i'd give an update to my case as this might give some hope to long-termers.
As you can see in my post history, I was sick for about 60 days. Although I did not end up in the hospital (thankfully) this is definitely the sickest I've ever been and it's only after that I realised how terrified I was. 

I had a wide range of symptoms (20 in total!), coming and going in waves, with the low fever a constant. The end of the illness was as strange as the rest tbh, the last real wave was not as rough as the previous ones (some weird joint/muscles/nerves pains), and was followed by a week of symptomless fever, plus some asthma problems. I am slightly asthmatic, but it didn't cause any issues during the illness itself, so that was strange! What changed really was that I felt better, like a weight had been lifted off me. It was not due to mental health improvements, because on the contrary, my anxiety flared up coupled with insomnia. A few weeks later now, I am fully better, I am able to go on long walks, work full days and exercise, as I used to. The only impacts now are that this has somehow cured me of one of my OCDs (still not sure if that is due to the high stress of fearing for my life or some kind of effect of the virus in the brain?!), and I still have mild skin problems (eczema on the cheeks, slowly receding, and psoriasis on the head) - so really nothing big.

In terms of medical tests, I had the PCR test at day 40 - negative with no surprise, the serology test at day 47 (IgG and IgM), negative too. My GP tested me for tuberculosis (I was vaccinated), turns out I produce a low amount of antibodies to that one as well. I found out my mom is in the same case, as they once revaccinated her for tuberculosis only to realise that although the test could not detect a lot of antibodies, these were efficient enough! So that could be an explanation for my negative serology.
I had a CT-scan of my upper body, my lungs, heart and various organs are in perfect health now, thankfully. The only issue they found was with my thyroid, but that's something we've been suspecting for a while so it was definitely not caused by Covid, just mentioning in case some people with thyroid issues have been worrying...

Anyway, I hope all of you will get better too, I think a lot about those of you who are still struggling with it after 80+ days, I wish you all and your loved ones the best :) sun-burned face? Red nose, cheeks, burning in the face?Hi everyone,

I am sorry for writing so many posts but this virus is full of surprises all the time.

Recently I started to have burning in my face, under the skin of my nose, and cheeks nearby, under the eyes.. Then the skin feels like it is sun-burnt, a bit red, or purplish, itchy and burning. I had it in my feet before, as well as hands, but never the face area. 

Has anyone else experienced this in the face area, if yes did it go away and how long it lasted? This is really frustrating. 

I appreciate any comment on this experience. Thank you!! For long haulers , I am just wondering if we all had some sort of immune system disorder prior to Covid[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/h8z7u2) For long haulers, I am wondering if we have some kind of immune system disorder before covid..Should have added voting options “none of the above”... sorry

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/h8z938) Change in Taste and Smell?It is very likely that I had Covid in mid to late March. I never did have a fever, but I had several other symptoms, including full body aches, dizziness, exhaustion, cough, loss of smell, shallow breathing, pain behind my eyes- the fun stuff. Anyways after I called the doctor I was told that I likely had it but my symptoms weren’t severe enough to come in so just stay home and self-quarantine. I recently had an antibody test done and it came back positive so there was my confirmation. 

Anyways, I am now a few months out from Covid. I had regained my sense of smell in April and since then things have been fine. Over the last three weeks however, I have noticed a really disturbing change in my sense of taste and smell. Everything’s like this really sickly sweet acidic flavor or scent. My Gatorade taste like battery acid, pizza sauce tastes sour, chapstick smells like garbage- the list goes on. At first I thought it was a side effect of some of the medications I’m on for a different medical issue, since I only started those recently, but change in senses is not listed as a side effect on any of those medications. It’s to the point where I have to force food down because it taste so bad, and I can barely shower because my shampoo smells like death and I don’t want it in my hair.  

Is anyone else experiencing this issue? If it isn’t Covid related, I’d like to rule out so I can get down to the root of the issue. Coming out on the Other Side of COVID AnxietyI feel like I have woken up out of the fog of COVID 19 anxiety. 

My brief experience: Presumed Positive
Starting in March, Sick (SOB, extreme fatigue, low fever, GI probs, high HR, headaches, etc) for 9 weeks. Tested 2x at 4wk (neg)- presumes false neg by doc; Tested at 7wk (neg); Tested Antibody at 9 wk (neg) by Infec. Disease specialist- no alternative illness found, found to not be bacterial a illness (was a virus) 
Still dealing with Post-Viral fatigue, but about 85% better
I probably didn’t have COVID, but had some random virus that knocked me out doubly coupled with anxiety

I’ve done a lot of reflection on the experience and here’s what I want people who are still in the thick of it to know:

No, you aren’t going to be sick forever; no, you aren’t going to die- unless you are hospitalized and your doctor is telling you these things, it’s not the case. I know this might be how you feel but remember your brain is telling you unrealistic, worst care scenario things. 

No, the doctors aren’t completely incompetent or unaware of the unknowns of COVID 19- they know that the tests aren’t great and there’s a variety of symptoms for the virus, however they see much more then you do and if they disagree with what you think is going on they may be right. If your doctor is finding nothing wrong and suggests you see a psychologist- SEE ONE. I can’t stress this enough. They don’t mean to think you’re making it up, they see your anxiety and KNOW that it is deeply related. Especially if you’re one of the people i’ve seen saying their “usually great” GP is telling them this. (Note: if your GP has been unacceptably apathetic or rude get a new one ASAP. Stop getting mad at ER docs for being short with you when you come into the EMERGENCY room with non-emergency). 

Yes, your anxiety is absolutely exacerbating your symptoms beyond what you think is possible- again this is not you “making it up” or exaggerating; look up “psychosomatic illness”.  Anxiety can cause and worsen VERY REAL illness. This needs to be dealt with because it is very bad for your health, but the answer may not be “medical” but rather mental (see a psychologist in conjunction with your GP)

I have seen a lot of medical denial and conspiracy on this thread. This is toxic. I was caught up in it for a while and I know in hindsight that it negatively affected me. (ie. The tests are not great but not complete garbage, absence of antibodies doesn’t cause prolonged illness, the docs are not lying about the requirements to get tested, ect). 
I have even seen some people question why life-saving interventions (ie trial meds and plasma) aren’t being deviated towards long termers (- if you are one of those people, please get your head out of your ass).

Everyone else, please try to recognize your anxiety and do something about it. 

I know many people will feel angry and invalidated by this, but understand that I am not telling you that you arent sick or you are crazy; i’m telling you that anxiety is causing very real illness and compromising your health, as it did to mine. 

Health is Not One Dimensional What’s the consensus? Is it best to avoid LIGHT exercise completely or engage in it. Also, what have you guys found helpful in lowering heart rate/painI had a two week period where I got hit with almost every symptom in COVID’s repertoire somewhat heavily but definitely not as bad as it could’ve been. While sick, I was still able to walk around my house reasonably well and I never got whacked with fever. My SOB was pretty light. I’ve made posts on here before so if you wanna see my previous symptoms, take a peak at them, but obv don’t feel required to.

I then had a two week period where I felt really good and am getting my first relapse in the form of heart palpitation, really elevated heart rate (hr is currently at 72 while at rest but other times it can be in the 90s when at rest and standing up brings it to the 110s/120s. A little chest pain and very slight SOB as well, like I’m not at full lung capacity when I inhale. The pain and SOB come and go, but the elevated heart rate has been here consistently for about 4/5 days.

I went to the ER 3 days ago because my heart rate was really high and, after getting an EKG done by my pcp the day earlier, a finding of a “right bundle blockage pattern” really made me anxious. When I got to the ER, my RHR was in the 108-115 range. They ran another EKG that found the right bundle thingy, a chest x-ray that came back normal, and lab work that all came back normal with the exception of me being a bit dehydrated. Doc said he isn’t concerned about the right bundle blockage, he thinks it’s just a slight electrical current delay in my body that’s completely benign. That did wonders to calm me down.

Should I be avoiding going out for walks? Are they harmful or helpful? What have you guys found that’s worked well for you. Day 84 and still experiencing SOBHello.

I will try to make it short. I started to have a dry cough beginning of March and then probably on day 12 or so I started to have shortness of breath. Basically when I want to take a deep breath (inspire) the air doesn't go through and I feel that it stays blocked in my throat.

I didn't have fever. Just dry cough (it's gone now), fatigue (some days, not everyday) and SOB that has never left me since the beginning. Luckily I don't feel it's coming from my lunges but more my throat... does anybody is experiencing the same?

I had doctors consultations. I have been diagnosed with covid 19. A month later I called back the doctor thinking it might be something else... maybe allergie or asthma (even though I never had those in my life... and I don't think that it could be anxiety as I have experienced stressful events in my life and I have never had this SOB) 
With the symptoms the doctor said it's no allergy and it doesn't look like asthma but he has still prescribed me a peak flow meter to measure my breathing to see if I have asthma. I called back with my results and no asthma. The doctor prescribed me omeprazole (he thinks that I have acid rejection from my stomach and apparently this could lead to SOB...) I'm taking it for a month now.

Basically it's like a roller coaster... I will feel better for few days (even if the breathing is feeling a bit better, the inconfort of breathing is still here) I will think that I'm healing ! And no! It always comes back! (Has never really gone away but it's like "good" and "bad" days.)

I have been better for one week and now it's been few days that I struggle to breath again.

It's a hell and I wanted to share my story and see that I'm not alone here. I hope you are doing well and let me know if you have recovered from SOB. Any tips? I try to go for a walk daily it kinda helps but it doesn't heal for sure. 

Stay safe FastOut of luck? Try fasting. It works. That is all. Is anyone experiencing a severe personality change?Hi,

I started getting I'll in March and thought it was stress. I have many of the same symptoms you hall have mentioned and a personality change. It's a childlike version of me. Easily confused, forgetful, difficulty talking, trouble understanding simple things, my voice even sounds different. 

I've gone from being intelligent, articulate, independent woman, to someone who needs adult supervision. 

Is this happening to anyone else? 12 weeks in and I'm almost completely betterIts been a long journey but I'm almost back to normal. (Thank God). Lowering my anxiety and pushing myself to work out really helped me to improve. Also I also devolped GERD which is just really bad acid reflux. Since it was uncontrolled it was delaying my recovery even further. But with that under control, anxiety down and my work out routine 100% back the only thing left really is some muscle aches around my lung which I assume will be gone in a matter of weeks. Keep pushing yourself. Stay positive. Endless sinus and head congestion. Started April. Negative Covid Test in May. Positive antibodies in June. Arghh!Went into complete family lockdown in mid March. One evening in early April weird burning in nostrils. Next morning smell and taste completely gone.  No other symptoms apart from a few muscle aches which I thought were related to a home workout I did. Got hold of an pulse ox just in case. All good. Never went below 98% in the few days I used it. 

Began getting nose congestion and pressure in face, little lightheaded, brain fog kind of vibe. Thought it allergies as April usually sets me off. Started with my normal antihistamine, steroid sprays, Sudafed and nasal rinsing etc. Nothing really helped. Had ENT consultation who said likely allergies inflamed Sinuses etc. Keep doing same things. Will take time for inflammation to go down. 

Based on reading this forum. Took govt Covid test in mid May. Negative result. Obviously happy with that. Entire May symptoms continued despite a plethora of sprays, drops, steam etc. Congested high up in nose. Pressure around eyes. Lightheaded. 

Took abbots blood draw antibody test last week. Positive! 

So timeline:
Mid March lockdown. 
Early April lost smell. 
Mid May negative Covid test. 
Early June positive antibodies. 
Sinus pain and brain fog from April to now throughout without stopping. No other Covid symptoms at any time. 

Am I suffering from allergy induced inflammation and just happened to have very mild Covid at the same time?

Am I suffering from Covid induced nasal issues and just have allergies thrown in?

Basically. WTF is going on? I clearly don’t have Covid as had negative test but did have Covid at some point in past few months. 

Anyone else experiencing nasal and sinus mess even though negative for at least 6 weeks but likely more?

This whole saga has been going on far too long and beginning to really get me down. I don't want to do this anymore. Day 70I had a whole week without symptoms. Yesterday I woke up with that familiar uncomfortable feeling in my chest and my cough is back. 

I don't want to do this anymore. I'm exhausted and tired. 

All I have to get me through is that my stats have been stable. O2 and blood pressure have been stable and my lungs consistently sound clear. 

I hate this. So much. I tested negative 3rd week of April. They were surprised by that result, at the time they weren't testing everyone. 

There is nothing for me to do at this point. I don't want to die from this. I just want to be back to my baseline normal and stay there. 😭 can i get some insight on how my covid course is looking?[removed] Covid revelationIn my sleep, I seriously had this thought. So many of us long-termers never had a cough or fever.  We have dealt with lung pain and shortness of breath for months on end. When you cough you cough the virus up and out. Those of us who haven’t coughed have virus particles and debris stuck in our lungs (for months!) and were in a constant state of immune vigilance, hence the inflammation. My dad thinks he had covid but he coughed for a few weeks relentlessly and he didn’t have it more than 2 weeks. What do you all think? Potential CovidHi y’all, hope you guys are on the road to recovery. I just have some quick questions. I woke up the other day with a sore throat and have been feeling warm with no fever for the past week or so. I had a small bout of loose stool  but nothing crazy. I just got tested yesterday and am feeling extremely anxious waiting for my results. I keep feeling a tightness in my chest like I have to breathe deeply to get a full breath. I’m not sure if i’m being paranoid or not. I also have this constant daze/feeling high almost behind my eyes where everything feels bright. Not sure if y’all have experienced any of this or i’m just being paranoid. I am a M/22 . Thanks for any and all comments. Tested negative for antibodies (LetsGetChecked), but definitely had it**42M with childhood asthma (but gone for a long time), otherwise healthy and very active/fit.  Blood type A+

I recently received a test kit from UnitedHealth Group as part of participating in a survey they’re conducting.  It’s provided by “LetsGetChecked”, which I am very unfamiliar with, and I understand is a relatively small start up company.  Anyone else participate in this or know anything about LetsGetChecked?

I originally started feeling “sick” on the evening of March 7, but for about a week leading up to that, I remember having a pretty runny nose, but otherwise felt fine.  I probably felt my worst in the last week of March and the first week of April.  However, I’m now at day 98ish, and I would consider myself a long termer.  My partner has also had this, and although her experience may not have been quite as bad as mine, she is still dealing with ongoing fatigue and what seems to be arthritic pain.

Neither of us ever had fevers or severe coughing, but we both had chest pain, extreme fatigue, and SOB.  I also had strange sensations like chills and sweats and the feeling like my skin was being pulled or that I had a sunburn—mostly in the top of my back, shoulders, and the back of my neck.  Those symptoms gradually improved, but I continued to have ongoing breathing issues off and on, along with fatigue and the strange skin sensations mentioned above.  I eventually was able to get a test on March 28, and then another on April 10.  They were both negative, but likely way too late in my progression to show anything anyway.

I had gotten lots of tests related to my ongoing symptoms, including multiple blood draws, ECG, Stress Test, DVT Ultrasound, Chest X-rays, etc.  Everything seemed to come back normal— except that I noticed my April 20 blood panel showed a much lower Lymphocyte count and elevated Neutrophil counts (both out of the standard ranges) compared to bloodwork I had done in February (when I felt fine).  I asked my doc about this and she said it’s fine, but from what I have recently read, this is a marker of an active infection.  Since then I had another blood draw on May 26, and my levels are back in range, but still not quite where they were in February.  I was told I may have GERD, and was told to try Omeprazole (which I did).

When I asked my doc about the lingering “skin crawling” symptoms in April, she suggested this was stress/anxiety, and suggested I try Buspar (which I did).  I am now off it, as I think the side effects may have been not worth it.  I took it for about 6-7 weeks.  I also started trying an Albuterol inhaler whenever my breathing is challenged or I feel wheezy.  It seems to work ok, but it’s not always as effective.

We have two little kids, and they have never skipped a beat, which is a blessing.  But the downside is that it is difficult for us to get the proper rest we need, and we generally power through things anyway.  I started feeling pretty good on May 17, and then did about 4 consecutive days of intense exercise— including weightlifting, interval workouts, and a 3.5 mile run at 7 min/mile.  After that 4 day stretch I started feeling crazy, and although my earlier symptoms didn’t all return, I started getting really sore muscles, joints, and cramps/tingling/numbness in my extremities.  It was with this when I started getting worried about blood clots—especially as I had a lingering discomfort in my right calf.

At this point, my body aches/numbness have improved, but still have fatigue and off and on breathing annoyances.  My worst part of the day is between 11-5, and then my evenings are usually OK, and I tend to sleep much better now than I did back in April.  

I really appreciate all the stories shared here, and hope to hear more recovery stories from long termers out there.  I hope to share my own soon, and encourage everyone to stay positive and share as much as possible with others. COVID19 and blood vessels / why it might be helpful to get a stress test EKG[removed] Severe fatigue affecting mental healthHi. I had the ‘acute’ symptoms back in March - fever, body pains, cough, sob, chest pains, vertigo, loss of appetite. Most of those cleared up within a month.

But since then I’ve been battling with severe fatigue. Sometimes it seems to lift for a few days and I managed to go for a long walk. I was even running a bit quite early on when I thought I was recovered. I’ve had to accept now though that each time I do that I seem to set myself back.

I’m now back at the stage where I can barely move. It’s a struggle to shower, cook, even make a coffee. I had a batch of blood tests done to see if anything else was going on but they came back clear. And that kind of broke me. I’m struggling with the ‘not knowing’ how much longer this will last. I also have on/ off chest pains which are concerning me.

I think I’ll have to seek some help for my mental state if it doesn’t improve soon because I am really not coping well at the moment. Has anyone else with long term symptoms found their mental health has been impacted? My long-term experienceHi everyone, I have been reading this thread for a while now. It has made an incredible difference in how I am able to handle this difficult time. I want to add to the thread as I feel each story does bring some comfort to people. It's funny how people say you shouldn't look up medical information online but I would be in a great deal of distress without other people's stories. 

&amp;#x200B;

I'm 34M, used to work out 4-5 times per week, no previous immune or health issues. This has been my long-term experience:

&amp;#x200B;

***Symptoms***

March 17- First started feeling sick, testing only available in limited circumstances. 

March 17-25- "moderate" Shortness of breath, overall "unwell" feeling, sometimes sore throat

March 26-April 1- "light" shortness of breath, overall "unwell" feeling, sometimes sore throat

April 2-3- Zero symptoms (really feeling great here!)

April 4-5- Generally unwell feeling, sore throat, dizziness

April 6-7- Zero symptoms (this must be it)

* *April 11- Tele-consultation with Doctor (not primary one, this was saturday night)- you probably have Covid, cant' get tested, and should recover at home*
* *April 14 &amp; 16 &amp; 24- Tele-consultation with primary care doctor. Long story short, he can't really do anything but eventually sends me to get bloodwork which comes back looking "great"*

April 8-19- "light" short of breath and sore throat

April 20-23- Completely new symptoms... nausea, very low appetite, diarrhea (mental health starts to deteriorate)

April 24- feel pretty good this day and appetite returned in the afternoon

April 25-30- nausea and low appetite returns. Insomnia during this stage and sleeping only 1-2.5 hours per night.

April 30-May 3- Finally at the urging of family I go to a COVID test centre, thinking I will have to "demand" a test... at this point the testing centres still had a lot of screening questions but I was able to get a test.&gt;! My result came back negative on May 3. !&lt;During this time period, i'm feeling let's say "75%" back to my old self, so not so bad. 

May 4-31- After I got a negative Covid test, I decided I needed a "break" from the medical system and I didn't want to take the detailed day to day notes. But for the month of May my symptoms remained as light shortness of breath, light "feeling unwell" and a sore throat but only for an hour or two each day and usually in the evening. Oh yeah, I also had a return of diarrhea for 3 weeks.

&gt;!June 2- second COVID test came back negative!&lt;

* *June 8- Call my primary Doctor to say I am still experiencing symptoms and to ask if he was concerned about my diarrhea. He is not concerned and says we can run the blood work again but that he does not think it will show anything either (after reading this thread I agree). He says I can pick up the blood work request form if I want but that he would really only be concerned if my symptoms* ***worsen.***

June 3 until June 11- light shortness of breath remains, occasional unwell feeling (nausea?), and sore throat about 1-2 hours per day.

**\*\* some hope- each day I am honestly getting better, not worse at all**

&amp;#x200B;

***What has helped***

* Hot water with lemon and honey (I get raw honey)
* Black tea, also with cream and honey
* Green tea
* Saying no to sweets and other junk food for now
* Taking it easy.... but still pushing myself a *tiny* amount. 
* Getting outside
* Anti-inflammatory foods and drinks
* CBD oil during the day, THC oil at night (lower THC for me personally)
* Faith
* For the insomnia specifically- chamomile tea, melatonin pills, and reading

&amp;#x200B;

There is more I want to share about my experience but I will leave it there for now. I wish you all the best! Haven't Slept in a WeekSee for profile for context. It's been 7 days with no sleep. If I do doze off, I wake up almost instantly with numbness everywhere. I think I have a bad case of dysautonomia. Anxiety meds, aspirin, Claritin... None have done the trick. I don't think I'm going to get well until I can sleep again. Just another one of those long termersHi, possible long termer of something i caught which my doctor presumed was covid at the time even after i had 2 negative swab tests and a negative antibody serology test. I just hit my 3rd month since i got sick about mid march, man has it been a battle for me physically, mentally and emotionally and its still going on even though i am better compared to a month or 2 ago. I’m writing this right now while im having a bad relapse day of long term symptoms. Man i cant seem to catch a break! I’m a 22yr old male who is in decent health besides asthma i dont have any other underlying issues, got sick mid marchish and have had ups and downs ever since then. Typical symptoms of fatigue, weakness and chills and GI and a bit of SOB the first month which was probably due to covid then i started recovering and was mostly better for about a week and a half at like 90% Then got into bad fatigue issues still sob and brain fog for the second month, some chest pains and sinus pressure around face and head some days. Now im into the third month of this and my symptoms have morphed into other issues. While i definitely have gained back muscle strength and less physical fatigue than before i definitely still have occasional days of brain fog but now the past month ive been experiencing faster heart rate, frequent almost daily headaches, nausea every once in a while and a ticklish feeling in my throat. Not really a sore throat but slightly irritated. I cant seem to shake these symptoms off and get back to normal. Ive been seeing my doctor who does indeed think its something post viral and have seen a cardiologist recently and was told that i don’t have POTS but some sort of orthostatic intolerance with my BP goin a bit high and my heart rate also a bit higher than normal. Im waiting for an echocardiogram on my heart but thats not for another two weeks and am also trying to see a neurologist but the one i was referred to wont see patients physically yet :/ so i guess i’ll have to talk to my doctor for alternative neurologists. I’m just wondering if anyone who is also a long termer like me has had similar issues and can relate to my symptoms. I seem to be physically getting better in terms of less physical fatigue but im constantly getting pressure headaches 4/7 days of the week with mild occasional chest pains milder than previous ones though and just a strange irritation in my throat some nights and of course slightly higher blood pressure and heart rate. Some days im feelin pretty good at around 90% and i play video games or take a nice walk outside with the family and i think to myself “wow hopefully this is the start of me fully recovering” then other days i sit at like 70% with my headaches and pain and bits of nausea. Apologies if this post seems all over the place its 6:30 am and i feel a bit crappy tonight and haven’t really slept. Just wanted to rant and maybe read about some other peoples stories, experiences and maybe some good advice on what to do. Even though im younger and decently healthy im still worried that i have some sort of chronic or life threatening condition now that hasn’t been fully diagnosed yet and Im trying to stay positive but some nights it hits me hard thinking i’ll be like this forever or worse. I just wanna be back to my old self prior to getting sick. This sucks a lot. If i can get back to my normal self ill never take my health for granted again! and I can sympathize a little now with people who constantly have to deal with this kind of chronic shit. I can see why its like a living hell What 90 Days Feels Like Day-by-DayI've just passed the 90-day marker. And although I had two negative Covid-19 tests, I had almost all classic symptoms including loss of taste/smell and a diagnosis of post-viral pericarditis and efflusion (even tho I tested negative for cold/flu markers early on). I'm posting this for any medical ppl reading these posts to give an idea of what longterm symptoms can look like. And to plead for more investigation to be put into long-haul sufferers. I'm not alone. There are multiple thousands of us experiencing variations of the following:

\-  Day 1: Upset stomach and diarrhea, dehydration, taste aversion (jam tasted like toxic chemicals)

\-  Day 2: Stiff neck, headache, lack of appetite, nausea, loose stool, phlegmy throat

\-  Day 3: headache, upper back ache, loose stool, nausea, light dry cough, scratchy throat, upper back ache, heavy chest

\-  Day 4: severe migraine (double dose of normal painkillers not working), numbness in hands + feet, upper stomach fullness/no food movement, lack of appetite, strong nausea, very dry tongue, wheezy, centre chest pain, dry cough, lack of smell/taste

\-  Day 5: confusion and disorientation, upset stomach, hoarse voice, achiness + numbness in limbs, achy hip joints, nausea, dry tongue, centre chest pain, upper lung back ache, headache, neck ache, fatigue, bad body aches, phlegmy throat, dry cough

\-  Day 6: extreme fullness w/o food, numb arms + hands, weak legs (diff standing), post nasal drip + rhinitis, chest pain, strong fatigue, dry cough

\-  Day 7: throat phlegm, dehydrated, extreme cold, extreme fatigue, general malaise

\-  Day 8: migraine, sore chest, overwhelming fatigue, lightheaded, weak

\-  Day 9: diarrhea, nausea, strong fatigue, headache, neck ache, sinus ache, strong upper + mid back aches, heavy lungs, diff breathing (can’t draw breath thru nostrils)

\-  Day 10:  stomach fullness, diarrhea, tickly dry air passage, achy eyes, dry tongue, weak legs, early onset fatigue (usu. at 4pm), sensitivity to sound

\-  Day 11: difficulty breathing, SOB (like after light exercise), dry cough, achy/sore lower rib cage, right chest pain, achy base of throat to centre chest; headache, lightheaded, strong fatigue, weak, sensitivity to sound, icy/sweaty fluctuations, temp 35C, dry/scratchy throat, no appetite, sense of fullness/heavy pressure on stomach – need belching to relieve, stomach cramps, achy lower back, body aches (hips, back, pain in kidney area in back), lightheaded, sore throat,

\-  Day 12: diarrhea, head/neck ache, feel faint, SOB, sore lower ribs, ache across mid upper back, extreme upper stomach discomfort (can’t sit altho didn’t eat), localized pain in back of left lung, diff breathing, strong pain in centre chest

\-  Day 13: sore neck nerve, shallow breathing, discomfort across front of chest, heaviness in bottom of lungs, upper stomach fullness, weight loss (5 lbs), clammy hands/feet, frequent cold sweats, racing pulse at rest (120), arm/hand numbness, bronchitic feeling in trachea, fatigue, weak arms/legs (diff standing), Covid Test neg

\-  Day 14: pain at base of skull, felt good on waking but sudden sweeping fatigue, upper stomach discomfort, food aversion, centre chest pain, strong chills, trachea and lungs hurt when breathing, stronger dry cough, temperature 99.1 (compared to earlier 94.5), heart pounding, diarrhea, feeling of upper stomach blockage

\-  Day 15: achy spot on right mid-spine, slight SOB, can’t breathe in fully, sudden overwhelming fatigue, sound sensitivity, rise in resting pulse, painful light cough, pale, food aversion, very weak legs, icy/sweaty every 20 min, pain in upper chest to left of trachea when breathe or lean forward, SOB, no energy for simple tasks

\-  Day 16: shallow breathing from stomach, trachea pain down to mid-chest when breathe in, food triggered fever, headache, pounding racing heart, sudden fatigue, neck ache, nausea, cold/sweat fluctuations, SOB, trachea pain down to midchest, localized pain in mid left chest, voice hoarseness, headache from base of skull, bottom of rib ache, lack of appetite

\-  Day 17:  headache from base of skull radiating upwards, extreme cold, racing pulse, lung pressure, shallow breathing, upper + mid stomach discomfort, feeling faint

\-  Day 18: back ache, temp range (95.1 - 99.5F), base of neck headache, strong stomach discomfort – need to sit extremely straight to breathe (too tired to stand), strong pains in legs, lung pressure, difficulty drawing in breath, chills, left lung pain, nausea, woke to strong cramps in lower legs below knees

\-  Day 19: temp range (94.4 – 98.6F), sore lower ribs, mid-stomach sensitivity, yellow loose stool, icy/burning lungs, nausea, extreme fatigue, weak, lightheaded, difficulty drawing full breath, localized right lung pain, diarrhea

\-  Day 20: mild headache, achy lower rib cage, high temp (35C), nausea, early fatigue, lung pressure, shallow breathing, chills, palor, food aversion, slept during day, confusion, left lung breathing strain, right lung cramp, bug bite redness return, painful coughing in right lung

\-  Day 21: high temp (35C), very sore lower ribs, lightheaded, lung pressure, extreme lack of energy, right lung cramp causing cough, cough, nausea, achy eyes

\-  Day 22: breathlessness, faintness, coughing hurts ribs, constant icy sweats

\-  Day 23: unable to take full breath, lower back ache, hot/cold, lower rib (esp sides) pains, strong stomach discomfort altho barely eating, fatigue

\-  Day 24: migraine, hot sweats, sleeping on stomach only relief for upper stomach, lower ribs + left lung hurting, very low temp (34.6/94.2), low energy, general chest/back discomfort, chills/sweats every 10 min, concentrate on breathing to get breaths in, lung pressure, shallow breathing, can’t finish sentences, lightheaded, (went to hospital for SOB- but because no fever or sore throat, said not Covid), strong upper stomach discomfort

\-  Day 25: very fatigued (nap at 11am), extreme cold/chills/sweats, left lung strain like being squeezed, sharp headache from breathing, left lung pain, achy across back of lungs, scratchy sore throat (esp left side), hoarse

\-  Day 26: strong chills, 8am fatigue – back to bed, winded walking from washroom, can hear left lung strain when breathe in deeply with ache, severe sciatica (Mybulen + muscle relaxant)

\-  Day 27: strong sciatica, burning upper chest/throat, very dry mouth, dizzy, left lung pain, hot/cold

\-  Day 28: breathing exercises make worse, lower lung pressure when breathing deeply or leaning fwd, heavy chills, nausea, left lung strain, lung pressure like someone sitting on chest, lying on stomach for relief, palor

\-  Day 29: headache from base of skull, lower rib aches, diarrhea, left lung strain, difficulty lying on left

\-  Day 30: heavy lungs, difficulty taking full breath, lower lung congestion, lower lungs very heavy, lying on stomach

\-  Day 31: migraine, heavy lungs (like sacks attached to bottom), achy upper lungs in back, scratchy throat and left nasal cavity, sharp pain in left lung when breathe in, strong pain in centre of chest after talking on phone for 20 min w/stronger SOB, racing pulse (100bpm) at rest, pain if lie on right side or back, lie on stomach, breathing and lung aches causing me to wake, strong SOB

\-  Day 32: very heavy chest, strong SOB, must consciously breathe - not automatic, cold sweats, headaches, upper achy back, Covid Test neg

\-  Day 33: migraine, light cough, strong food aversion, centre chest/back pain, strong upper stomach

\-  Day 34: woken by chills, achy lower ribs, 15-min walk tired out by 10am, very weak, strong chills/sweats, lower achy ribs, desire to cough, burning lungs, extreme fatigue, nausea, headache, centre chest pain, left lung squished if lie on left, realized ZERO smell/taste because tried eating

\-  Day 35: lung pressure, achy lower ribs, mild straining to breathe, fatigue, lightheaded, burning lungs, upper back achiness, dizzy, cold sweats, rib soreness

\-  Day 36: lower rib aches, heavy pressure on lungs like someone sitting on chest, can’t draw in full breath, chills, fatigue, left lung pain, sneezing, upper right lung/back moderate pain, SOB, light cough

\-  Day 37: heaviness in bottom half of lungs, strong achy lower lungs, SOB, trachea pain, chills/sweats, right lung pain spots, strong palor + SOB out of shower, low temp (35C)

\-  Day 38: SOB, lightheaded, fatigue, racing heartbeat at rest, strong upper stomach discomfort, cough, difficulty breathing if lie on left, high Rheumatoid Factor

\-  Day 39: lung congestion, loose cough w/throat phlegm, SOB if lie on right, lung/chest pressure, SOB if lie on either side, cold/sweats preventing sleep

\-  Day 40: strong upper stomach discomfort, immediate fatigue after waking, SOB, right lung ache, very phlegmy throat, difficulty breathing when lying down, cardiologist visit – pericarditis + effusion

\-  Day 41: migraine, loose cough w/phlegmy throat, very lightheaded, sharp pain below left breast, diff taking deep breath, scratchy throat, SOB when lying down, centre chest pain, back pains in kidneys area, strong pain in left back (spleen?), cold/chills/sweats, insomnia til 4am, began Colchicine

\-  Day 42: SOB, headache, right lung ache esp if lean fwd, dry cough, very dark hollow eyes, pm headache, shallow breathing, winded coming from bthrm, constricted airway, congested lungs, mid back ache, metallic taste in mouth, nausea, strong chills

\-  Day 43: night headache, 11h sleep, sore lower ribs, lightheaded, strong chills, lowering temp, food aversion, diarrhea, hollow dark eyes, SOB, shallow breathing, force self to breathe, dull pain in lower left leg for a week

\-  Day 44: light headache behind eyes, pain in left brain stem, fatigue, extreme dark hollow eyes, ache left leg back of kneebend + another midway up thigh

\-  Day 45: mid-lower lung pressure, strong lower rib aches, cough, congested lungs (like breathing in steam), left brainstem ache radiating up head, daytime double vision (only at night since this began), fatigue + overly emotional, labored breathing, force to take in breath like breathing thru water (tickly feeling in lungs), centre chest ache, chest pressure if lean fwd, seal bark cough, SOB - worse if lie on left side, left leg kneebend ache

\-  Day 46: heavy lungs like weights, early fatigue, hollow feeling in upper stomach, diff to draw in breath, diff concentrating, loose stool, lightheaded, day-time double vision, chills/sweats, racing/pounding heart, dark hollow eyes, stomach fullness feeling, hot shower made chest worse (like breathing in water), strong hoarseness

\-  Day 47: slept 11h, felt better (1st time doing laundry/bthrm floor), lightheaded, wave of extreme fatigue, chills/sweats, dark/hollow eyes, headache, diarrhea, irritability, can’t catch full breath, evening sweats, throat phlegm

\-  Day 48: lower rib aches, heavy lower lungs, did shopping – rtd w/strong fatigue, weakness, SOB, left lung discomfort

\-  Day 49: slept 9h, woke to room spinning, left lung ache (esp after talk on phone), fatigue, dizzy, icy sweats, dry cough (tickly windpipe)

\-  Day 50: slept 10h, achy lower ribs (never sore to touch), left brainstem pain, pounding slightly racy not rhythmic heart, sudden fatigue and weakness, chills/sweats, daytime double vision, SOB, extreme dark/hollow eyes, nausea, high temp, soreness upon breathing in, can’t breathe if lie on left side, phlegmy throat

\-  Day 51: headache, heavy chest, diff breathing in fully, chills/sweats, 2 hand clots bigger + new one, left lung ache twds centre chest, mid chest/back aches, heavy lungs, upper lung burning, left brainstem pain

\-  Day 52: heavy mid-lower lungs, lung congestion, fatigue, lightheaded, weak, burning lungs, painful bronchial pipe, phlegmy, bronchial cough, fever, headache, rash on hands, earache

\-  Day 53: strong ache in left leg behind kneebend, SOB, lack of appetite, night back aches, localized pain in legs – need to elevate, frequent hot sweats, lower lungs/ribs very achy, neck muscle spasms

\-  Day 54: headaches, very achy lower lungs, more localized pain in both legs, dark hollow eyes, crampy lungs, difficulty breathing (like thru water)

\-  Day 55: some energy and interest in activities, heaviness across chest/back, breathing thru water, lung pressure, sudden fatigue, chills/sweats, hot shower gave chills + palor, dark hollow eyes, lung/windpipe cramps, frequent sweats, scratchy throat, dry barky cough

\-  Day 56: achy lower lungs, bronchial tube cough, headache, wave of fatigue 45 min after waking, chills/sweats every 20 min, weak/tired like on weed, nausea, irregular and bursts of heartbeats

\-  Day 57: 20 min walk caused left lung strain, strong lung burning, tickly airway, back aches and strong bruise feeling on upper spine (took aspirin), strong pain in back kidney areas, SOB, cough

\-  Day 58: lower lung aches, (spine bruise feeling gone), coldness in lungs, left lung crampy, coldness spread to left throat, ear, cheek and eye, blurry vision (took aspirin), SOB, left leg and buttock numbness, strong pain over heart after 25 min phone chat, cough, extremely dry (lips/tongue), no appetite

\-  Day 59: strong headache, nausea, dreaming couldn’t breathe underwater – difficulty breathing upon waking, need to consciously take breaths in or diaphragm doesn’t breathe, evening headache

\-  Day 60: headache, tiny bruise on left arm, left lung strain after 20-min walk, left lung burning, centre corresponding chest/back ache (like bruise), localized aches in left leg above kneebend, strong headache radiating from neck, diff breathing (like underwater), lungs feel like air syphoned out and can’t get back – need to sit up to breathe

\-  Day 61: localized ache in upper left leg, light dry cough, weak legs, mid-chest lung discomfort, achy over heart, pain across chest to left arm (while talking on phone), extreme fatigue (mental and physical), weakness, upper stomach discomfort, SOB, pounding heart, ache over heart (after talking on phone)

\-  Day 62: strong burning lungs, cold/hot swings every 20 min, localized left leg ache, sore top of left foot

\-  Day 63: palor, burning lungs, sudden fatigue/weakness, lack of appetite, chills/sweats, irritability, SOB, chest pressure, left hand clot bigger and sore, sharp pain above right ear, urine urgency, bad taste in mouth, left foot pain, pain at left/centre spine, very sore lungs and ribs

\-  Day 64: lower lung/rib aches, light cough, heart pounding, sudden erratic heart pounding, burning lungs/throat/left ear, numb left ear/eye/cheek, numb left leg, choked on food – strong left lung pain, left brainstem pain, ache over heart, cough

\-  Day 65: burning lungs, sore lower ribs/lungs, SOB, too tired to go for 15 min walk, leg weakness, congested lungs, loose cough, lack of appetite, strong SOB when turning in bed, left brainstem pain

\-  Day 66: lung congestion, weak, fatigue, SOB, ache over heart and corresponding back area esp when lean fwd, bruised feeling in spine at same level as heart, overly emotional, cold/sweats, very weak legs (diff standing), very achy lower rib area, SOB, heart jolts at night, upper stomach fullness, nausea, need to concentrate to make lungs breathe, frequent electrical jolts in heart, electrical currents through body to hands and feet with sweats, awakened from lower rib aches, sharp pain up to collarbone (15 sec)

\-  Day 67: need to concentrate to make lungs take in air, sore lower ribs, blurred vision, sudden ache in back left side head radiating to left eye/nose, 2 new tiny blood spots under arm and under right breast, thumping heartbeat, all day cold/sweats, brainstem ache, pain in right arm like blood supply trapped

\-  Day 68: sudden coldness, weakness, ache around heart (took aspirin), burning left lung spreading to neck and ear, night pain over heart and across to left arm, diff breathing in, left lung strain, palpitations, shoulder pain upon breathing in, nausea, sudden pain in stomach like a baseball bat poked it

\-  Day 69: woke to left lung strain and feel of collapse upon stretching – could only take in half volume of air from day before, thumping racing heart, fatigue, SOB, ache over heart and corresponding back area, diff taking air in (like too thick), chest pressure, palpitations, sore lower ribs, left side diff breathing (like not enough air in room)

\-  Day 70: achy heart, SOB, throbbing heart, lung/throat burning, numbness in left ear, squeezing sensation in lung/bronchi, chest pressure

\-  Day 71: breath tastes like soap, very cold, chills/sweats, achy heart radiating to shoulder (when on phone), drenching sweats, diff taking in breaths at night

\-  Day 72: very achy lower ribs/lungs, need to consciously take in breaths, very phlegmy throat, strong ache + numbness in left leg above knee, pounding heart, nighttime cold sweats every 5 min

\-  Day 73: sharp pain below left breast, very cold, strong lung burning, lack of appetite, numbness at left neck/chin/ear/eye, diff breathing in, very blurry vision, glasses feel too tight

\-  Day 74: sudden fatigue (canceled 15 min walk), very cold, lower rib aches, weak, lightheaded, lack of appetite, barky bronchial cough, irritable, palor, dark hollow eyes, blurry vision, constant night cold/hot flashes, glasses too tight to wear

\-  Day 75: SOB, lower rib aches, blurry vision, lightheaded, fatigue (sleep at noon), chills, lack of appetite, dizzy, loose cough, constant nighttime cold/sweats, strong achy ribs, sharp pain in spleen area

\-  Day 76: heart thumping, achy lower ribs, burning chest, lightheaded, diarrhea (2 loose, 1 watery) – took Immodium, chest tightness, dry cough

\-  Day 77: chills, sharp pain in left back at kidney area, fatigue, daytime double vision and blurriness, upper stomach feels like baseball bat pushing in, weak legs, centre chest ache when talking on phone, burning lungs, strong upper stomach discomfort – need to sit up straight to breathe, phlegmy throat

\-  Day 78: walked 20 min with one flight of stairs – in bed rest of day, strong diarrhea, upper stomach discomfort, diff breathing, chest pressure, strong throat phlegm

\-  Day 79: throat phlegm, frequent cold sweats, upper stomach discomfort, light headed, diff breathing lying on left side

\-  Day 80: diff breathing in steamy shower, early fatigue, SOB after doing dishes, laundry and making bed, weak, ache over heart, thumping heart, pressure on lower lungs, strong diff breathing on left side when lying down, strong left ear pain

\-  Day 81: SOB, headache at night

\-  Day 82: pressure across lungs, headache, allergic reaction (to dog?), lack of appetite, SOB, nausea, feel like upper stomach being pushed in, lungs feel like smoked pack of cigarettes

\-  Day 83: (after 2h walk) burning lungs, food aversion, chest pressure, weak legs, tiny bruise on upper leg

\-  Day 84: lightheaded, early fatigue, difficulty multi-tasking thoughts, upper stomach discomfort, lower rib aches, chest pressure when lying on back, feel like smoked pack of cigarettes, 5 bouts of watery diarrhea, strong upset stomach (2 Immodiums), strong chills

\-  Day 85: sensitive stomach, lung pressure when lying on back, weak legs, localized ache in upper right thigh (no aspirin today), ache in right arm above elbow, stomach rumbling and cramps lower rib ache

\-  Day 86: woke to feeling of early bronchitis in chest, racing pulse, upper stomach fullness, chest pressure, achiness extending down calves

\-  Day 87: burning lungs, wave of fatigue (like it’s 3am), sudden brain fatigue, chest tightness, right arm ache above elbow, pounding heart when sitting up, SOB (like air too thick), lung pressure

\-  Day 88: lungs suddenly deflated when stretched upon wakeup, diff taking in full breath, chest tightness, stomach upset, intense nt hot flashes

\-  Day 89: tiny bruise on left arm, blurry/double vision, dry eyes, lightheaded, dizziness, SOB, lack of appetite, localized aches in legs, need to urinate but little output, achy legs (like growing pains), chest tightness, chest pressure when lie on right side

\-  Day 90: headache, achy spot in left lung, much diff urinating, pounding heart, achy heart, strong upper stomach discomfort, lightheaded, SOB, brainfog, tight chest Tinnitus one ear or bothHi Guys,

&amp;#x200B;

I have a question, for those who have Tinnitus, is it in one ear or both ears for you? COVID19 and blood vessels / why it might be helpful to get a stress test EKG and AngiogramThis post is for all my long haul homies dealing with SOB/no cough or sore throat but respiratory symptoms/fatigue/flair ups and medical system gaslighting as a result. Month 4 here. The main point of my post - you may want to get those cardiovascular tests in addition to pulmonary tests based on my experience.  


I've met many individuals like myself on here that began feeling symptoms the first week of March. My roommate was exposed to someone who later tested positive and had all the telltale signs (dry cough, fever, fatigue, etc.) But I only had a low-grade fever, scratchy throat, extreme fatigue, and headaches at first. I had no cough or sore throat. By the second week, this developed into intense shortness of breath and "enflamed" chest and back symptoms that have carried into four months. This was early on and the first test I was able to access was three and a half weeks in. It was the test where you cough into the petri dish. Because I wasn't coughing up mucus, the test administrator said that my test would probably come back negative. It did. I tested negative two weeks later, as well. They did an X-ray, a CT Scan, various blood work, and nothing showed up irregular. I felt as though all of the doctors were just chalking my symptoms up to anxiety. I know my body and when I'm anxious versus actually sick.

Still, the shortness of breath and inflammation has continued over the last few months. Exercise affects it the worst. If I go for even a short jog, it's almost as if I relapse. I also have had some light GI issues and what I eat also seems to affect how extreme my symptoms are. Keep in mind, this all developed very quickly over the first few weeks of March - it wasn't like I had been having ANY prior symptoms and was a healthy, active, 37-year-old who ran and exercised frequently.

In month two when they were doing the various tests, I had been so short of breath that I was afraid to do anything more than a resting EKG. Over the last few weeks I've been taking walks and finally, today, I took the stress test. The administers immediately noticed an issue and made me wait while they consulted a doctor. They said my heart wasn't able to pump the necessary blood flow to the rest of my body under stress/exercise. They've now scheduled an angiogram to look at my cardiovascular system which will give a better sense of what's happening with my cardiovascular system than an X-Ray or CT.

I've been reading a lot about how in my demographic (30 and 40 yr olds), COVID can affect the body more as a blood disease than a respiratory disease and this is where all of these blood clots, pulmonary embolisms, strokes, etc happen.  


Now, of course, I don't yet know if I have a separate cardiovascular issue but it seems highly unlikely this would have surfaced in the way it did without having something to do with COVID19 exposure.

While I feel like my body is working through these issues slowly and naturally, looking back in retrospect I really wish that I had done the treadmill EKG sooner so that they would have seen what I was experiencing and may be offered more cardiology solutions and potentially medication that could have smoothed out my process (and maybe taken less risk on my life and health!)

I offer up my story for those of you that are running into this same issues and symptoms so that you can do check this box off your already long list of tests and appointments. I'll update you with the results of my angiogram when I take it, too. Be well! For those with chronic symptoms. What is your blood type?A while ago it was talked about that those with A blood types are hit harder than other blood types. I was curious for those who got sick in March and April who are still dealing with symptoms what your blood type is?  


I'm A negative. Became ill in January, now I have Raynauds Syndrome symptoms67F who has Lupus, RA, in cancer remission, survived Mono, Hong Kong flu, kidney failure when I was 8, but this thing, this virus is not like anything I have gone through. I would do chemo all,over again instead of this.  And I think my case was mild.

Some commonalities were the loss of smell/taste, nausea when eating, intense pain when breathing, horrific coughing so bad I sprained some ribs and back muscles, eyes looked like I had used red lipstick for eyeliner, GI problems, headache, low fever, had a seizure, but hey, it only lasted 7 days. I only felt like I could be dying on the third day,  but the nearest hospital is an hour away. 

I am not as fatigued as before but this thing going on with my hands and feet is crazy.  Raynauds as I understand is some kind of autoimmune dysfunction involving the vascular system. The body’s extremities over react to cold temps, like holding a cold drink or handling frozen foods, walking through snow, and turn dark purple and hurt like hell.  

If the temps in my house go below 74 degrees, my hands and feet first tingle, go numb and turn dark purple.  They look like exhibit A from the Forensic Files. The color is gross, and in a few minutes, my hands turn icky white.  If I try to warm them up, it does no good.  I just have to wait for it to pass. It happens several times a day.  It doesn’t seem to be triggered by anything I can identify. No consistency.

My husband was also sick, and now he’s heat sensitive all the time, so we battle over the thermostat settings. 

My handwriting is also almost illegible.  But I can type. 

I will get a test next week when I can see my doctor in person.  I just hope I don’t look too stupid wearing socks with sandals.  

I would like to know if anyone has had this symptom.  I don’t have Covid Toes, this is different.

Thank you for listening. Gross but curiousI was wondering if anyone who is presumed positive or positive have thick clear mucus from throat even when you have recovered? Symptoms lead doctor to believe I amLong story short I was exposed to someone who had corona virus 3 weeks ago, they said they no longer had symptoms on Saturday when I saw them. Two days later I am extremely fatigued, have a sore throat (mild) constant pain, back/bone pains randomly, 101.7 fever (highest recorded after not taking Tylenol for 10+hours), chills/extreme night sweats (woke up in a pool of my own sweat this morning) and forehead/ear pressure. I got tested yesterday and ever since the pain in my throat has gotten worse is it possible that the nasal swab test irritated my throat further or the virus possibly spreading? To all the hypochondriac lurkers --you don't have it until your test says positive[removed] Exercise and Immune-suppressorUsed to hit gym 3x a week with cardio/HIIT and lifting, pre-sickness. It has been known for a while that strenuous exercise suppresses immune function. Especially when your body is trying to recover and NLR is still not great, exercise is counter-productive. In fact I attribute my infection to over-fitness. From now on, Yoga/calisthenics/Pranayama will be my staple program. 

And yes, supplementing with L-thenine is good as it boosts NK cells, and calms you down as well. Same with ashwagandha. 

For hardcore bio hacker, measure your th1/Th2 dominance and supplement accordingly. Heavy feelingDoes anyone else’s body feel heavy at random times? I’m just curious. I get chest tightness a lot now but other times it just feels like my body is too heavy If your doctor gives you the option to get tested, then do it[removed] Blood clot incident - warning[removed] Types of chest painsMy chest has this uncomfortable tugging that is happening intermittently, its disturbing very much ,does Anyone relate?other symptoms I have are moderate cough,sob at times, insomnia,vivid drEams, chills,fever mind fog at times loss of Appetite n headAche im m22  on day 7 Signs of muscle wasting&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Have you noticed any signs of muscle wasting, like muscle on your hands? So who here thinks Viral Load is a thing?So my case of coronavirus has a likely source.

My last day at work before which I went into isolation - a Thursday - a colleague travelled over from overseas (through London) and this colleague had face to face meetings with two people. 

He had several meetings with me in very close proximity, he also sat near my desk and I remember he looked a bit unwell. Anyway within two days of this encounter I developed symptoms and became quite unwell, but my symptoms within the first two weeks were mild bordering on moderate. 

I also found out that the only other person this traveller colleague had face to face meetings with on that day became really sick and was hospitalised for oxygen supplementation, after which he was confirmed corona positive. The weird thing is... it took this colleague 10 additional days for symptoms to show up from presumed viral exposure. Note that the only two people in my office building that got sick were in contact with this traveller in the office that day.

I’ve still got lingering symptoms after 12 weeks but the other colleague that got more sick initially felt normal after 4 weeks. 

My question - is it possible that I got a massive viral load and hence developed symptoms so quickly? (ie. within 2 days) but the other colleague got a lower dose and hence it took him more than a week to get acutely sick. 

I’m trying to understand if viral load is the reason why I’m still suffering after 3 months, and I’d be interested to hear what sort of viral load you think you long termers were exposed to. Lung issues 77 daysI’m 28 male pretty healthy. I’ve had two CT’s one of which was with contrast. I’ve also had about 6 xrays. I’ve had several pulmonary function test and everything came back normal including blood work (which I’ve had drawn maybe 6 times). 

Is anyone else experiencing tight chest and asthma that gets better and gets worse? Why do my lungs look clear and I am responding so badly. It’s been up and down for 77 days almost.

My pulmonologist said my ige was elevated and is trying to get me approved for some ant inflammatory shot they use on severe asthmatics. 

Anyone else having similar issues? For the long timers who didn’t have a major cough. Are any of you still experiencing weird chest sensations on one side??? I didn’t have this until a month in. It not necessary pain but a weird feeling. My doctor is. It helping me. Just have me reflux meds and I know that’s not it. How do we recover from this?[removed] A question for ling haulers regarding heart issuesSo does the Heart rate resolve for anyone? Mine started in Week 7 and still experiencing the same, my resting HR is elevated to 80s throughout the day and it dips down to higher 40's at night!

Is there any hope? Does it resolve on its own? Should I go to ER? Liposomal Vitamin C and supplement stackTo all long-haulers. Salute for fighting this together.

My x-ray came clear. 100 days since symptomatic. Current one: mild SOB, wiping out on exertion and back ache / bloating.

Core Stack:

Liposomal Vitamin C (Livon Labs) did really change things for me. Whether it’s histamine intolerance or inflammation or boosting NK cells (lymphocytes), it does all backed by solid research. Tried may other brands, but none is so effective. Only gotcha is liposomes are made out of non-GMO soy as opposed to sunflower. But I like the their packaging via sachets to prevent oxidation. Take it with food, as choline (liver nutrients) containing in the liposome stimulates bile flow and helps absorbing fat-soluble vitamins like D3 / A / K etc. 
Dose: 1g 2x in divided doses. Equivalent to 10g usual vitamin C. 
- https://www.livonlabs.com/products/vitamin-c/

Also megadose a Bifido probiotic (histamine degrading)- 80B CFU / day. Remember to replenish gut-microbiome after heavy-dosing anti-microbial like oregano oil / black seed oil / garlic. They do kill good ones. In fact, gut microbiome module not just gut immunity but systemic immunity including lungs function. SCFAs produced by gut has direct impact on lung function (check gut-lung axis). As a bonus, if you want to boost NK cells and add a solid prebiotic to feed those good bugs, look at Arabinogalactan (Thorne has a product). 
- https://www.medlab.co/nutraceuticals/products/bifidobiotic-60s
- https://www.thorne.com/products/dp/arabinex-reg

Thorne Pic-min (2x) + Copper takes care of the trace minerals.

Dose vitamin D carefully. Overdosing it will suppress immune system (bad, unless you are trying to prevent a cytokines storm). Mg is needed if you end up supplementing it.

So instead of trying many supplements, try this specific C-D-Pro-Trace stack and journal (please share) how your symptoms improve. Assuming you are following a low-histamine diet with fresh animal protein. Long term loss of taste and phantom smells, had covid in March[deleted] Fatigue after COVID?Hello so I’ve been presumed positive of the virus back in march and I had a somewhat mild case. However I have found that since I am still suffering from tiredness. I have some days where I am perfectly fine then I have days where I’m just completely tired and just need to rest. I’ve literally been on the phone to my doctor to arrange bloods to see if it’s something else but she did tell me a lot of people who have had cases tend to have tiredness months after.

So my question is has anyone had a somewhat mild case and found themselves with the fatigue? If so do you still have it? When did it wear off for you?

Thanks for all the help

Ps here’s my symptoms 

It started out with a bad stomach ache and extreme fatigue which I was thought due to a tattoo session and then I ended up waking up in the night with a fever and I got a horrid dry cough, my throat was on fire and my muscles and body was aching like hell. I had a period when I felt better then a day later my throat was back on fire and at the end every time I breathed in I sounded like a can of soda fizzing inside my lungs.

EDIT: so many have replied and I’m not sure how to respond to you all but thank you for making me feel less alone, I’m so glad it’s not just me. I hope we all get through it and it goes away soon!
EDIT 2: added symptoms Share your list of Symptoms.I thought it would be helpful for all of us to list our symptoms in a basic list and how long we have been feeling unwell for. This way it can help people who are also seeking to communicate with people who are feeling the same way and maybe will be an easy way to see whats coming up again and again. So for eg

  
25m, 75 days with Symptoms.

Chest pain and shortness of breath.   
Wrist pain, finger pain, general bone pain.   
Burning skin.   
Rash on face and sides of face.   
Back shoulder and neck pain.   
Sores in lip.   
Loss of appetite.   
Intermittent low grade fevers.  
Sores in lip.  
White tongue.   
Tension headaches.   
Bounding heartbeat.  
Vertigo seemingly (labyrinthitis) http://www.pethealthnetwork.com/cat-health/cat-diseases-conditions-a-z/feline-infectious-peritonitis-fip[deleted] Day 80+ thought I was recovered at day 70, but started to have inflammation on week 11 (Antibody test negative )hi,  since I have received lots of support here, and reading all your stories helped me through the dark times, I thought it's time to share my life in the last 80 days. *sorry for the long post, would appreciate if you could let me know if you have similar experience, and any thought on the antibody tests.*

Started getting sick mid march, first week was very mild with sore throat, stomachache, neck pain, and a bit winded when loading my laundry (didn't think much of it)... till Day 5 early evening with sudden on set of major diarrhea followed with chills (shaking uncontrollably). 

Day 6-10 was hell, with all the GI symptoms, strong headache, body aches, felt like I was hit by a bus all my internal organs hurt, strange vivid dreams kept me from proper rest, lost sense of smell completely. Day 9 I felt so miserable woke up in the middle of the night with aches, nausea that followed with vomiting and diarrhea, I was so weak by then since I couldn't eat anything except drinking water like crazy. while I laid in bed trying to decide if I should call for the ambulance (still trying to convince myself this was just bad stomach flu), there was a sudden calm peaceful feeling came over me ( I cannot explain), that's the moment I knew I would make it through.

Day 10 -12 I started feeling better, thought I was over it.. but hell I was wrong.. Day 13 headache came back in full force, fever came back,  face was burning, lower lung pain , shortness of breath kicking in, talking on the phone became difficult (but strangely enough going up and down the stairs were ok). OH and lovely pink eyes!

Day 20 I was sent to the ER by my dr due to my shortness of breath. ER doctor refused to do test as they were sure I was having Covid with all the symptoms (except no cough). My oxygen was good, lungs clear sounded good. I was sent home.

Day 20-25 my shortness of breath did not get better, I started to have really bad dizzy spell, vertigo was terrifying. my heart rate was all over the place and by then I have lost 6kg (10% of my body weight). I started to force myself to eat to regain my energy, which was very hard when you have 0 appetite.

Day 25 -30, still with all the above symptoms, now adding inner ear pain, strange pressure on the head, sharp pain on the back mostly left shoulder blade, pins and needles in my fingers (woke me up at night).

Day 35 My GP did blood work, and was concern with blood clots, I ended up in the ER again, d dimer came back ok, blood oxygen was good, Xray clear. the ER doctor believe I am on the road of recover just need to be patients till inflammations goes away. and time for my body to heal.

Week 6 I started working (home office) full time, it was hard. I could barely finish one conf call without feeling out of it , weak and drained. but the pain in my body started to disappear. still have SOB and extremely Bloated (like I was 3 months pregnant).

I think that was when I finally turned corner. I started felling stronger week by week, my slow 20 mins walk became 1 hour walk at normal pace, still mild SOB. by week 9 my heart rate began to get back to the normal range with occasional spike.

Week 10 SOB resolved, I felt nearly normal again (expect heart rate spike when i tried to vacuum the room)

week 11 I felt hard swollen lump on my upper chest, it got warm and uncomfortable. went to see my doctor, We felt more lump between ribs 2-3, 5, and cartilage linked to the sternum bones are inflamed. she believed this is still linked to Covid19.. I felt miserable over the weekend from feeling normal to sore swollen chest bone ..

while i was at doctor office she did another blood work, also added antibody test ( honestly I didn't want to ask, as i have seen many long term sick people have negative result), and here I go, she called to tell me result come back negative. it was difficult to understand why it shows 9.2, i thought it would be a straight forward as yes or no.. as she is very sure i have covid, she think my antibody might have already reduced .. oh well.. 

anyway, I stay positive and looking forward for full recovery.

Thank you for reading this. wish we all have more good days and recovery soon FIP - A cat coronavirus[removed] Anyone have numb head?9 weeks in. I actually got numb head due to a massive nonstop headache starting at Week 2. Does it get better? Burning when taking breaths, chest tightness, what are your lingering chest symptoms?I’m freaking out with these lingering symptoms, especially since I was never officially diagnosed. 

Does anyone else have false alarms when you have relapse symptoms? I already got a few negative tests, but I’m still worried that these relapses are actually new infections. Guys, were your testicles affected by Covid?Did they ache or anything? Please see the comments as well and leave comments with your experience.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/h0ex9z) Hacking coughs and blurry vision, anyone got these too? Has anyone tried anti inflammatory meds to calm down long term effects?My question is to people who have been seek for 2+ months and do not have an active infection.

Have you tried anti inflammatory medications and did they help? My doc prescribed a steroid inhaler for my lungs, but I was having a terrible reaction to it - I felt like I drank 10 buckets of coffee, was shaky and anxious and had to stop.

But what about things like OTC anti inflammatory like ibuprofen? I noticed it is very helpful if I’m experiencing any lung burning - alleviates the burning and greatly improves how I feel overall. 

Any thoughts? Has any Long termer has elevated ferritin level from blood work? Link to inflammation?Edit: Just to clarify I am not looking for way to bring down the ferritin level, just want to help the body to heal quicker (the longer the inflammation lasts the harder is for our body to cope and recover). I just found it interesting that doctors (at least mine) tends to tell us "the blood work is perfect not infection, you are perfect", but why the GP not seeing the link with Ferritin and cytokine. People talk about cytokine storms  for the critically ill patients, but I am quite convinced this is over looked for people with mild onset but long tail for recovery, except just rest at home, why not trying higher dose of vitamin C or other supplement that has  IL-6 inhibitor. 
*************
Original post:
As I am suffering a bad inflammation lately at day 80+, I started searching post viral inflammation and hoping to find something can help to calm it down. 
I came cross with some studies on covid19 cytokine storms and saw a distinct marker with high ferritin. It explained in the article covid 19 has two stage: viral infection, then inflammation stage. Where we could experience cytokine storm, we (long termer) might not have the life threatening version of it 

I had blood work done mid April and early June, my results are good , no sign of infection, no auto immune issue, everything shows I am healthy person, except a very elevated ferritin! As I always suspected our inflammation is related to our immune system attacking our body, this could really explain it. 

I am wondering if any of you who is fighting the post covid inflammation has elevated Ferritin level. Aspirin?So if it's possible that were experiencing problems with inflammation and micro clotting, wouldn't aspirin be a good resource? I'm thinking about taking a baby aspirin to help with some of the neurological symptoms I've been experiencing. Virus Symptoms Worse with PMSJust wanted to give a heads up to anyone who experiences periods on this forum - in my experience, virus symptoms get worse around PMS.

For almost a week, I’ve had both PMS symptoms and some symptoms coming back. Whenever I exert myself, I have a low grade fever (but temp comes down to 98.6°F at rest). My cramping is painful like you would not believe. I have PCOS and rarely get periods, and even with that, these cramps are more painful than times prior. I saw another thread on this, but I think it’d be useful to have another, as this sort of fascinated me. 

Symptoms of both PMS and COVID are worse. I’ve been having symptoms since April 14th. I'm struggling with post viral fatigue and talking to my friends about it is like speaking to strangers.I know there's something wrong with me but it's so inconsistent that I can't demonstrate it. Before I got sick mid-march I was very active excercising nearly every day, sometimes multiple times. In the last few months I've lost a load of weight, lost my appetite, I still can't smell or taste lemons and other flavours, I'm not sleeping consitently and some days I can barely get out of bed let alone excercise: my strength and endurance is just gone.

I know that there's people who have lost so much to this fucking virus, I'm very lucky really. But my body doesn't feel like mine. My mum nearly died when I was 13 and she nearly died again this year from C-19. The fear and anxiety from that has come flooding back and just not left. My aunt has been sent home to die from a heart condition and I can't go and visit her and it's killing me.

My friends are great but they're not getting it. Thinking that it's just from being in lockdown, or a lack of routine, a bad night's sleep etc 
I know what being tired from a bad night's sleep feels like. I know what being tired from running 20+ miles feels like. This is different.

Is there anything that anyone has found useful for long term recovery? Anything short term that can combat a wave of fatigue when it hits? I've cut out sugar and caffeine but right now I'd try anything to start getting better. Thank you for reading this far A depressing description of my covid journey, looking for answers. Blood work is normal but I feel awful.Meeting up with a new doctor tomorrow, checking out some vitals and having a conversation about where to go next. Also had massive blood work done, including iron and vitamin D. I've never measured it before so it will be interesting to see what the results are.

I'm doing a stress test for the heart in a couple of days and then I'm having a Holter monitor for 2 weeks that records my heart activity 24/7.

I've been sick since March, presumed Corona positive and my lingering symptoms are:



- High resting heart rate and heart rate overall. My normal resting heart rate is around 60, since I got sick it's consistently 90-100. When I stand up my HR shoots up to 130+. Slightest physical activity will have it elevated. I feel very dizzy and like I'm having adrenaline rushes constantly.




- Neurological symptoms. I have terrible headaches, sometimes the right side of my body goes numb, blurry vision that comes and goes, cognitive decline in the moment, jaw and neck becomes stiff, neck pain and so on. I've been referred to a neurologist to do a MRI of the brain and neck.




- Intense shortness of breath and constant coughing.. I used to go the gym 4 times a week. Now I can't even take a short walk or do simple chores at home. My chest tightens, my heart races and I feel like I have cotton in my lungs and can't breathe. Asthma inhalators does not help and antihistamines have no effect what so ever, so this isn't caused by allergies. Had a chest x ray last month that came back normal.




Some days I wake up and I'm so fatigued and sometimes I wake up and have lots of energy. If I extert myself too much I crash in bed the next Day and can't move. This has been happening a lot less, a month ago I was fatigued for weeks.

All of the bloodwork I've done has been normal. Normal d dimer, normal troponin etc. Only had slightly elevated white blood cells and they are now back in normal range. Normal thyroid, normal ANA and other inflammation markers. Theres not a single sign of inflammation in my body.

I don't know why I'm this sick. Doctors have no idea. I wouldn't be surprised if I had a tumor tbh. Long Hauler- This is What My Dr. Gave MeI'm about 10 weeks into "recovery" and I've spent a lot of time on the phone with my doctor these past few weeks. It was the daily migraines that finally urged me to contact her. I haven't had migraines this severe in 20 years. She says that they're seeing inflammation in the lungs from the damage done by the virus and the immune system fighting it. That's what's causing all the problems: shortness of breath, racing heart, headaches, fatigue, etc. First she gave me meds for the migraines, a magnesium supplement for the migraines, and a one week course of prednisone (steroid) for the inflammation. The prednisone definitely helped. I felt like I was myself again while I was on the steriod, but now the breathing etc symptoms are back. Milder, but back. I can do slightly more activity before I totally collapse, but I am still far from where I was. The itchy rash is gone, so that's good, but I also had a steroid skin cream from a previous eczema dx. The migraines are definitely not gone so she gave me a preventative prescription and some more vitamins. So I don't know if anyone is getting any other interesting medical treatments to handle this, but this is my experience. The prednisone definitely dialed it down a notch, but I am still unwell. 

I started taking turmeric supplements, triphala, vitamins C, D &amp; B12. As soon as things open up again I want to go down to Chinatown for acupuncture. Considering how hard China was hit by SARS and now COVID I figure there must be some sort of TCM protocol for this kind of lung inflammation. 

This whole thing is incredibly annoying and unpleasant. I am far too busy to get stuck in bed with a lung flare up and fatigue just because I did yoga or yardwork. Fuck this. Welp I guess it’s about time I got it, protesting and all...So presumed positive due to symptoms and severity, waiting on results.

Started Friday (6/5/2020), no taste or smell, fatigue. Slept all weekend. Woke up today (6/8/2020) and had the worst sweats/cold chills and cough I’ve had in a while. It literally feels like when I went thru withdrawals from alcohol in 2015 (been sober since). It’s miserable. My skin hurts like clothes touching it is awful, every joint in my body hurts and I feel like death. Fever was at 102.1 earlier I feel like it’s higher now. 

How did everyone deal with the wait time between test being completed and results? They said 5 days is the likely time I’ll get results.... ugh. Info: Female, 27, USA. How did you Combat the virus? Tips and Tricks Needed![deleted] Anyone feel like their body is forgetting to breathe?Sorry for the bombardment of posts over the last couple days. It's been a hard week of SOB and lack of sleep. I've been waking up in the middle of the night in a panic after an hour or so, which makes me wonder if my body is forgetting to breathe at night. It's already a pretty conscious effort to breathe during the day, so I'm wondering if this is relevant? 

On top of that I've also been noticing pressure in my upper/mid back and sometimes a metallic taste in my mouth. I also yawn a lot, but like a "twice-in-a-row" yawn as if I'm not getting enough air. Weird because my pulse ox is damn near perfect during the day.

Anyone been experiencing similar things?

UPDATE: Just spoke with my doctor for the first time about it. She thinks its anxiety related (no surprise there). She set me up with an inhaler, anxiety medication, and scheduled me for a visit with a Pulmonary doctor.

Doubt I'll get relief, but might as well try these things for s--ts and giggles. I also have an appointment with an "alternative medicine" type doctor that was recommended to me by a friend tomorrow. Will keep everyone updated. Light at the End of the TunnelHello,

I (24/M) got sick back in March and had a series of waves of extreme tiredness, a bit of chest pressure, and general weirdness (intermittent headaches, sore throat, aches). They would come every week or so and last for 2-3 days, always at the worst around 7pm every night. I never got tested as (thankfully) I didn't have a fever or bad shortness of breath. These symptoms lasted for about five weeks, and seemingly resolved by mid-late April.

At around the same time (+- a day or so), a whole different set up symptoms began. This included GI issues, aches/pains/muscle weakness mostly in my back and abdomen, dark yellow urine sometimes borderline brown, and pain while urinating. The only symptom that persisted from the first set into the  second was the fatigue. This "phase" lasted an additional five or six weeks.

I'm currently coming up on week 12 and finally things seem to be settling down. My current symptoms are mild fatigue, mainly when waking up, and mild back aches. I'm starting to be a lot more productive at work, and am able to get through day with few issues. I've also gone on a mile long walk for the past 9 days now, and haven't regressed as a result. I wouldn't say I'm 100%, but maybe 95% or so. At this point I'm confident I'll reach the finish line, even if I do have a few more setbacks along the way.

I share all this as I see a lot of frustration, anger, exhaustion, negativity, etc. on this subreddit. It's obviously all warranted, and I've felt the same at times over the past few months. However I do believe there is a light at the end of the tunnel. Post-COVID recovery is possible with the damage of endothelial cells and blood-clots?Hi everyone,

Does any of you know if the endothelial cells in the blood vessels heal or repair on their own? How long we have to manage until this post COVID inflammation subsides. I can't find information that says the blood vessels heal after damage and how long it takes. 

Has anyone felt better after 12 weeks of being sick with COVID? Doctors do not have a clue, I am afraid we will be stuck in this loop forever. 

I still have some aches and pains in the legs and arms, which are not constant and not every day. Transient headache that comes and goes, 2 days every other week. Some slight cough, lungs are better now, the heart calmed down, , i have stiff neck, swollen lymph nodes, right eye is twitching, weird, some nausea, bloating, slight loose stools, better than before, some abdominal pain, lower back pain, some sensation in my sinuses. I have been taking tons of vitamins, probiotics, eating healthy food, my bloodwork are normal. These symptoms do not allow me to work at maximum, if yes, I collapse the next day. Unemployment/disability for long term sufferers in the US?I've been furloughed for the 3 months I've been ill. But we're opening back up and there is no way I can work. 

Do I have to explore unemployment? Disability? I'm not even sure where to start.

Thanks. Shortness of breath lingering after 14 weeks?I have shortness of breath which usually starts after I have dinner and it gets progressively worse until the exhaustion makes me sleep. Does anyone else have it lasting this long? My only other lingering symptom is palpitations and occasional tachycardia. It feels like my chest is very tight. My wife and roommate tested positive, but I tested negative. Why?I dont get it. I was put into the hospital earlier this week for suspicion of having Covid19, and first off let me tell you all the symptoms were there except fever. Not once did I have a fever. Oh, and our room mate was a confirmed case. However, each time I was tested(3 times in 24 hours) though the test came back negative. I was treated and released back home where I learned that my wife had also tested positive for Covid19. Both of their doctors think that I had it and passed it to them(I was symptomatic a few days before them) but they have no idea why I would test negative that many times. The hospital tested me that many times to rule out false negative before they even considered releasing me.
Does this sound right at all? Do I need to get retested?
For the record we are all asymptomatic now and all feel much better. 39M Australia. Still lingeringSymptomic from March.

Symptoms: Night sweats (early days) / random chills / chest tightness (early days) / sore throat / headache / dry mouth / tachycardia (especially on high histamine foods like fermented stuff) / petechiae (gone now) / random joint pain / low potassium (going up) / SOB / back ache (dull) / proning helped / higher NLR / warm breath.

Blood panel clear except NLR and Potassium.

Mild SOB and back ache are remaining now. Waiting for x-ray. 

Does this sound like typical Covid19 profile ? Really happy to find this sub. Thanks everyone. Abnormal white blood cell levels concurrent with heart symptoms at 12 weeks. Anyone else?About a week ago I inexplicably developed heart symptoms and became tachycardic.  In April and May, my white blood cell values were  fine.   Now, at 12 weeks, I have high neutrophils, low lymphocytes, but total WBC was normal.  Anyone else in a similar boat? Advice for preparing emotionallyHello,
My husband tested covid PCR positive 2 days ago and this morning I woke up with a 102 degree fever, tickle/burning in my chest, muscle aches, loose stools. I had a remote call with a doctor that was useless, they just said "Yeah, you have covid. Take Tylenol." The closest testing site is over an hour away and I don't feel well enough to make the drive. 
I work for a hospice and have seen so many people younger and healthier than me die from covid. My husband is even sicker than I am with 104 degree temp and constant asthma attacks. I hate that I can't be there for him, I'm considering isolating together, against the doctor's advice. I started taking famotidine because I saw it might help and I have heartburn anyway.
Staring down 14+ days in this tiny, cold office that doesn't even have a bed feels unbearable. I struggled with depression and anxiety before all this and "hopeless" doesn't even begin to describe my feelings now. Maybe it's just the shock of all this being so new. Because of my work, every person I've known with COVID has died. Though I know that's not a representative sample, it leaves am emotional mark.
How did you all manage the emotional side of a new diagnosis? COVID’s impact on the immune systemAfter “recovering” from COVID in March (tested positive for IgM antibodies, negative for IgG at the time) I am noticing that my family is getting sick a lot easier. In the past I would rarely get sick, but one week ago I had symptoms that basically mimicked COVID again and were actually worse than what I experienced in March (cough, itchy throat, body aches, headache). However I tested negative with a PCR test. I recovered after 5 days. My children also have symptoms and are taking much longer to recover from this than colds in the past (one also had a negative PCR test last week). The symptoms for my children are unique as well; just a cough which starts out very mild and worsens in the second week.  Oddly enough, my oldest didn’t catch this virus (or whatever it is) despite close daily contact with us, and she was asymptomatic for COVID as well. Same with my husband. This makes me assume it’s related somehow, but doctors are telling me it’s a new virus or infection. My son “caught” it first but he didn’t go anywhere and was not exposed to anyone, so it seemed impossible that it could be a new virus, until I got sick next.
I am wondering if anyone has had a normal cold post COVID and how that went? Or if you’re finding that you are getting sick more or easier than you used to? Or if you test negative with relapse? And if anyone knows if relapses are contagious, or if they trigger others? COVID positive by doctor awaiting test results[removed] Coming down with symptoms second time in 2 monthsI first contracted Covid in early April. I shared about it in Reddit, that I got it from going to the doctor’s office. I started coming down with it again this week but I’ve had so little social exposure. I went to the orthopedic doctor twice, grocery store and took precautions (Elevator buttons?) but was lax because I thought I was immune. Wore a mask made out of thin terry cotton for comfort. 

I’m wondering if this is actually a relapse, viral reactivation?  The George Floyd incident has triggered my PTSD from a very similar incident happened to me in 2007.  Was awake for 3 days stressed out anxious and run down. It’s milder this time but still kind of horrible. I’m having all the same symptoms but more gastrointestinal which makes me think possibly if I was exposed again that I got it through oral route. Been vomiting and nauseated all morning.  Sneezing, eyes and sinuses messed up, sore throat, drenching sweats. Been using zinc, Zicam spray, zithromax eyedrops, and hydroxycloriquine.

I live in Austin Texas and went to the city website and try to schedule testing through the public health. Earliest appointment I could get was in five days. I went to the CVS online and scheduled drive-through testing the same day. They gave me a swab through the pharmacy drive-through and swabbed  myself and put it in a dropbox. I expect the results to be positive. Had two false negative swabs last time.

I posted this on r/covid19_support and I got several people who were telling me I don’t have it. Austin is a hotspot. My grandmothers rural decent nursing home had 1/3 (15) residents and half the staff positive. They had the decency of [informing the media](https://www.kxan.com/investigations/35-residents-of-southwest-austin-nursing-home-tested-positive-for-coronavirus/ ) and putting out a press release.  I called my grandma yesterday, she is 96 years old and has recurrent bouts of pneumonia, and my uncle had not told her about it. I guess they didn’t want her to worry but that seems like a rotten thing to do. I asked her if anyone’s died she said someone did last week.

Symptoms yesterday included nausea and vomiting. Today just sooooo tired, irritated throat nose, and bad body aches plus the other usual symptoms save cough. Do I Need to Go to the Hospital? (Long Termer)Hey everyone, fellow long termer here (Day 77).

So long story short (you can follow the rest of my story on my profile), I had a really good day two weekends ago (I mean jesus, I had forgotten how great it was to breathe easily again). I enjoyed it for a day or two, then Monday came around where I started to have the urge to clear my lungs out a bit with an intermittent light unproductive cough (they've come and gone since week 1). Still, I felt much better than I had been for weeks. 

Then Wednesday comes around and a storm hit my outdoor workplace, which causes us to run for shelter. That night, I felt a tiny pressure in the back of my back/lungs (possibly from an overextension from seeking shelter). The next day, I helped rebuild the job site that was damaged, which involved lifting two heavy barricades out of the way. I also spoke with colleagues for a whole 10 hour day, which has been taking a toll out of me recently. 

Jump to two days ago, where the pressure in my back is almost unbearable. I'm back to having the "belt around my lungs" effect, which feels like it's limiting my capacity to take full deep breathes. It's caused me to loss sleep for the last few days, whether thats from the difficulty breathing or the anxiety of not feeling better. Strangely enough, my blood oxygen level still floats around 97-98. I'm wondering if inflammation in my lungs is just giving me the impression of SOB, or if I'm really fighting to keep that 97-98 where it is.

I have a telemed appointment tomorrow, but I'm wondering if I should just go to the hospital and get some tests done for infection or clotting? I've had random/temporary spouts of numbness in my toes and fingers the last few days, which is new. The only tests I've had so far were the nasal swab and IgG antibody test (both negative).

I'm also considering going on an extensive leave with my job (at least a month), which is a super bummer since I've already taken 2 weeks off in the past and could really use the money. I'm also a supervisor who has a good reputation at my workplace, so I feel like this will hurt my reputation as being a hypochondriac.

I feel like time is of the essence with this thing and the longer I take to be proactive the worse the end result will be.

\#TeamLongTermer #TeamFThisVirus I got two antibody tests 2 weeks apart and tested negative both times. I never developed antibodies.I went through hell during the infection but part of me was relieved because at least I had already had it and wouldn’t get it again.

(When I got tested for the infection it came back negative but I’m 99% sure I had it because my lungs were fucked, I had all of the symptoms, and was constantly around someone who tested positive).

It’s been weeks since I had symptoms and I got two blood tests to check for antibodies. Both were negative. So .... I guess this means I can get it again, basically. And again until I die 🤷🏼‍♀️ this is great. Losing sense of smell/taste for second time... I want my nose back :(Symptoms started on March 23. Lost my sense of smell on day 5 more or less, it lasted a few days. I'm pretty sure I've partially lost it again, and that I partially lost my sense of taste too. What the fuck. It means I still have the virus after about 77 days. Or I caught it again. I'm sad. :( Covid-19: The journey to hell and back (including tips on recovery that worked for me!)Hi all,

I’ve been a casual observer of the forum for a while now but feel now is the right time I feel to detail my journey and how I dealt with this insidious disease.

First, it’s probably right I provide a bit about me and some backstory; I’m a 37 year old male from the UK with no pre-existing medical conditions. I am a smoker and I my symptoms began on 11th March.

At first it was nothing serious; a scratchy throat, nausea, nasal congestion and a strange headache; the only way I could describe the headache is that it wasn’t conventional - it felt as if music beats would reverberate right through me and I had a mild brain fog.

It wasn’t serious enough to bin off work so I continued and what with the symptoms I was feeling not on the official list of covid-19 symptoms, I wasn’t thinking or considering it could be this illness.

Approximately 1 week later on March 18th at 2.30 it felt as if someone had put a sack of rocks on my back. A really heavy feeling, like nothing I felt before. I went and done some stretches or see if I’d pulled anything but alas I hadn’t - so I continued on and went home, deciding to go to bed when I arrived to ‘sleep it off’.

I felt tired but nothing would prepare me for shitstorm that hit me when I awoke that evening. By 8.30pm, I was convulsing with uncontrollable, unregulated shaking, chills and fever. I felt a tiredness and exhaustion I had never, ever considered possible and all my body and joints ached. My skin felt as if it was on fire. There was no way I was sleeping whatever this was.

For the next 2 days, it remained much the same but with unreal brain fog. I was putting yoghurt in the cabinets and spoons into the fridge. I knew I needed to eat and hydrate and just about managed some dry toast and soup. I couldn’t focus or barely get out of bed.

By day 3, the above dissipated to be replaced by extreme nausea and diarrhoea. The brain fog remained as did the dehydration and exhaustion... and then, for an hour, it went. I felt on the mend... then it returned, twice as nasty.

Day 4 was much the same but by day 5 and 6, I felt as if there was an upturn. For a bit, I felt better. Then, at 10.30 in the evening, a second round of fever and chills - this time, far more violent than the first round.

Despite this taking a lot out of me, I couldn’t sleep. I spent most of the time shaking and convulsing in bed, hoping I’d be ok but knowing I wasn’t going to be.

And then, right on cue, day 7 - shortness of breath. It began slightly, a few gasps here and there. I medicated it through some breathing exercises I know from the past due to panic attacks. I was still relatively calm, so knew the shortness of breath was attributed to any anxiety or panic attacks.

By day 8, I spent most of my day walking around my house, doubling over trying to suck air up into my lungs. It was getting worse and worse and, living on my own, I knew I had to seek medical advice. I called NHS 1111. The operator told me there was ‘nothing he could do’ and to ‘ride out and keep taking paracetamol’. I impress desperately that I couldn’t breathe and he said only call back unless ‘your lips go blue or you can’t talk’. I thanked him for his time to which he said ‘no problem pal - good luck!’

Good luck? That comment didn’t make me feel much better about my situation at all. With that, I got off the sofa and spent the rest of the evening, like I did the last one, gulping and gasping for air in all sorts of contorted body positions. My diaphragm ached, my lungs hurt, my body was completely exhausted fighting.

After 3 hours I slumped over and literally conceded defeat. Strangely, a weird calm came over me. I didn’t want to die but, if I do, I do. I drifted off to sleep despite the laboured, gasping breathing.

Thankfully, the next day did arrive for me. I got up, delighted to be alive but still struggling with my breathing. The slightest exertions would set the gasping and gulping off, so I went slowly, everywhere. The body still ached and the burning sensations on my skin remained, but I was feeling a bit better.

Fast forward to day 15 and whilst I was still suffering from exhaustion and the ever constant nasal congestion, I decided to step outside for the first time in over two weeks. Glorious sunshine but an eerie calm. The world had changed forever.

By day 21, as my breathing was still a problem I managed to secure an appointment with a doctor. Before meeting, the triage nurse asked me ‘why I hadn’t gone to hospital’ - almost as if she was angry that I hadn’t. I could only afford her a meek ‘because I was told to stay at home’. She was evidently disgusted.

The doctor sat with me for 45 minutes, in full face shield and hazmat suit furiously note-taking on my experiences as I recalled them. He emphasised that they were still learning about covid-19 and it was important to collect as much data as possible; I was only too happy to help and to be honest, it was so nice to have someone to speak with, let alone a medical professional.

He checked me over whilst there; blood oxygen, lungs, the absolute works. He advised me to stay off work until my breathlessness abated and take things easy. He also enquired as to whether I’d had ‘the fatigue’.

I looked at him quizzically and remarked that yes, I’d had the fatigue whilst I was ill. I still felt weak but didn’t feel too bad, just concerned about the breathing. Looking back on his question now, I now know what ‘the fatigue’ meant.

3 days or so later, I felt 90% fine. The breathing issues vanished almost overnight and I was eating and sleeping as normal. I’d go for little walks when the air cooled. My mind was starting to acclimatise to the ‘new normal’. I’d vanished off the face of the earth for about a month but I could now stomach a short video call to friends again. Everything was on the turn...

...little did I know, it would actually be a turn for the worse.

(2nd part coming up - the relapse) Doctor thinks I may have had the coronavirus
Hi everyone. 

Ever since getting a flu like sickness a few months months ago, I’ve been having some odd symptoms.  

It started with vertigo from the eye but that went away about a week after getting “flu-like” symptoms.

Now, I have thick white mucus whenever I blow my nose after a shower, and only after the shower.  It’s rubbery and dries really quick.  No mucus at any other point.  (Doc says there is major congestion when looking up my nose however)

I’ve also been getting some bad head pressure, like squeezing sensation and it’s at random times. Not headache type, more like my head feels like a balloon.  

My ears crack constantly, and my face tightens up at random parts of the day (no hearing loss)

I also have internal dizziness if I move too fast and feel like I’m on a rocking boat.

My neck is also sore...

This has led to some extreme nerve issues, burning sensations especially out of my hand and feet.  Every morning I wake up with numb hands and tingling sensations throughout the day.  For example, my hand would start feeling numb and like this icy hot feeling whenever the fan or any type of wind makes contact with it.  

Lastly, this has led to some major GI issues (bloating, indigestion) and nausea.  At this point I’m not sure if the GI issues or the head congestion are causing the nausea...


Most of these symptoms came on so suddenly after the “flu-like illness” back in January.  I’m sure some of it is amplified by stress and anxiety.

But what can be causing the thick white mucus after the shower... Inflammation? Stress? Reflux? 


In terms of allergies, I was never the allergic type.  But is it possible, this virus I got back in January along with anxiety, has given me bad allergic reaction? 


I have NO cough NOR any type of fever.

This is really messing with my psyche cause I look fine from the outside but inside I’m suffering...

Doctor just tested me for autoimmune issues and antibodies.  I’m waiting on those results 

Any thoughts? Is it Covid or does it fall in line with something else? And where do I go from here

5’7 
Male
28 yrs old Clear Chest X-Ray but still trouble breathing27yo F. 60+ days since onset of symptoms. 

I finally had a follow up with dr because my symptoms had subsided long enough for them to see me on the office. For a chest x-ray which looked good, dr said all the pain in my chest and back was muscular. I felt super relieved. 

RX for muscle relaxer. 

Then yesterday sharp pain in chest returned, trouble breathing. For a few seconds I couldn’t inhale at all. Worse than my worst day of being sick. Helped by inhaler. 

I feel dumb calling about relapsing symptoms after getting such a cheery “all clear.” Anyone else still have trouble breathing with a good chest X-ray? Should I send my X-ray to another dr to see if it’s actually OK? (65f) early covid19 symptoms with chest painFemale, 65, 70kg, 155cm. Does not smoke or drink. 

My grandmother just passed from covid19 few days ago, where my mother was taking care of her at home. Two days ago  my mother had a light fever and her oxygen level was below 90(measured by oxymeter at home). 

Turns out her usual oxygen level is 92. And the level has returned to her usual 92 and the fever has gone away. But today shes experiencing a mild chest pain. 

What is the best way to handle the current situation? What should be the protocol to follow?

I am near mexico city. All of my relatives are suggesting to wait more to see if she gets worse before taking her to the hospital due to oversaturation. Should i proceede to take her to the ER now? 

Thank you in advance. What supplements helped you? And what I'm taking right now.Anyone tried nattokinase? Supposed to promote breakup of blood clots. That's my latest experiment. 

What I'm taking daily:
Centrum Men's Multi
Vit D 5000iu
Vit C 1000mg x2
Zinc 25mg
MSM + Glucosamine 1500mg x2
Quercetin 800mg x2
NAC 880mg x2
Flaxseed Oil
Magtein
Nattokinase x2
C60
Probiotic
Tiny amount potassium 2% DV x6

Idk if any of this helped or I'm just getting better with time but I did start to feel better after I started quercetin. The NAC seemed to help respiratory symptoms too. Green and rooibos tea seem to help too though I'm not drinking much tea these days. Rest has probably had the biggest effect. Told I am positive for COVID 19 test booked tomorrow help[removed] COFFEEWhy is coffee such a trigger for Covid symptoms? I miss coffee so much but every time I think I’m fine and let myself have like a 1/4 cup I get chest and back pain and tightness all day. Green tea is OK but still gives me slight chest pain but just for an hour or so. I thought coffee was ANTI-inflammatory!!! Good video on post-covid viral fatigue[removed] Day 70+ Hard swollen long lumps: inflammation of cartilage/ breast boneHi all, I promised myself to only post positive news as I found lots of support in this group here during the really dark days. 
Today I need some help / support / advice though, but let’s start with the positive: my SOB finally went away for a week now ( although sometimes I feel like I forgot to breath or how to breath) , this was probably the most annoying lingering symptom for me. I had really good 4-5 days last week, felt normal! My numbness in the finger also resolved .. phewww 
Then Wednesday... I felt sore bone like swollen lump on my upper chest (2-3 ribs), my breast bone felt inflamed.. a day later have another lump at the bottom of the breastbone, then another one on the 5-6 rib.. I was so scared, called my dr went in for a check up.. she doesn’t think those are lymph nodes, but cartilage inflammation/ tietze syndrome. The weekend this just got more uncomfortable and sore. This virus is just testing me over and over again. My friends all know me as the positive person, and I really tried to keep high spirits and we joked that i need to experience ALL symptoms before my covid graduation..
But today I really worried if I will ever get ride of the inflammation.. what will come after this ( if this will pass soon)
Appreciate if you could share some tips to manage all symptoms! Thank you Have you tried these two supplements? I also listed what helped meJust wondering if anyone have tried Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM) and Boswellia suppléments to reduce inflammation that covid caused?

Around week 5 I started to take following supplements some definitely helped me with the breathing issue and inflammation of the trachea:
* NAC
* quercetin/ green tea extract 
* zinc
* vitamin C 
* vitamin D ( I have very low vitamin D)
* curcuma 
Week 8 doctor told me to add : 
* Metasleep, this has vitamin B, magnesium and melatonin ( which helped my fingers numbness)

Really want to get rid of all the inflammation and feel normal again! How does alcohol affect you?I had some alcohol a couple of days ago and have been having a lapse of symptoms, including a higher temp (my base is 96.6°F, current temp is around 98.7°F) after drinking. It’s weird because I have a higher tolerance to alcohol than usual after being presumed positive - all seemed good, but for the past few days I have felt fevery and moody. 

My legs feel like they are on fire. I used to be an alcoholic, and this feels nothing like a hangover, but like symptoms flaring up. It’s always weird when my temp rises as a post viral symptom, because I did not have a fever with initial symptoms (did have elevated temp, but no fever). 

How does alcohol work for you? I started having symptoms on April 16th and I tend to wax and wane between normal and not. Right now, I feel almost worse than I did with initial symptoms as far as leg burning and temp goes. Whats the longest time someone or their belongs can be contagious for if they have had a severe case which took weeks to clear up?Just asking as i met my friends yesterday and my symptoms started 27-30 days ago and i still have abit of a cough and fatigue still and body pains. Had Symptoms for Weeks but Tested Negative?I (24 F) thought I had this back in mid-March; I had a ton of symptoms, and multiple doctors (including an ER doctor) believed I had it at the time. My symptoms were: 
- for the first week and a half, I had slight head congestion and chest tightness that I thought were allergies (I also have asthma and figured they were related). However, I also had this weird burning feeling around my sternum both in my chest and in my upper back.
- almost immediately when week two started, I came down with a low-grade fever that kept me up one night, and then the fever came and went over the next three days.
- other symptoms during week two: tired, extremely achy, bad upper and lower back pain (it hurt to even lie down), chest tightness and shortness of breath (I could barely talk and this was also worse when I was lying down), dizzy, horrible headache, nauseous

As I said, I have asthma, and this felt totally different from an asthma attack - I didn’t wheeze at all; it instead felt like my chest was being squeezed in a vice and like I was breathing through a straw. 

I went and got tested toward the end of the second week and tested negative. I also had to go to the ER the next day because I couldn’t breathe (literally felt like my right lung wasn’t working), and my O2/blood pressure/chest X-ray were fine so they sent me home after helping me with the breathing issue.

The other odd thing was that after my fever went away, some symptoms (achy, weird chest burning feeling, tiredness, and basically just felt like I was in a fog) came back some days for about the next month. Some days I’d feel fine and like I’d recovered, then the next day my chest/upper back felt like they were on fire. 

Did anyone else have an experience like this? I’m debating now whether I should get tested for antibodies. Only tachycardia and fatigue remain as my symptoms - progress!I (23, F) first fell ill with presumed covid 19 on March 30th. I finally began feeling significantly/mostly  improved  May 25th.  At this point tachycardia is my main issue and I have an appointment with a cardiologist next week. I still require a lot of sleep and fatigue faster than before, but I have not had any back steps in progress for a few weeks now. Today, I walked a mile and sprinted twice during my workout. I use to be able to run a mile and a half, but slow progress is better than nothing. I hope everyone is doing okay and keep holding onto hope and focus on the small victories as you are healing up. Has anyone experienced a family member or significant other not understanding or believing you had covid? My husband believes I didn’t have it because I tested negative and thinks it was a bad case of acid reflux. I’m beyond frustrated because I know that I had it. Long Termer Tested Negative For IgG AntibodiesSome background, I'm a healthy/athletic 28M who started to feel symptoms in the middle of March this year. Like many other long-termers on this sub, it has been a rollercoaster of good weeks and bad weeks. Last week I finally gave in and got an antibody test done at Quest Diagnostics (IgG test). Based off of how long I had waited to get the test done (it had been about 9 weeks at this time), I was sure that it would come back positive. Nope. Doctor's office called and notified me that it had come back negative.

What does this mean? This is the second time I've gotten a negative test back (first being the PCR) and makes me believe that either these tests are a waste of time or that my body is not fighting this thing properly. Am I susceptible of getting more sick the more I'm around Covid (grocery stores, ect.)?

I plan on demanding a CT scan for my lungs this week, as well as a D-Dimer test for any potential clotting. Cannabis and covidI am a long termer dealing with what I think is the inflammatory part of this virus.  Approaching the 12th week or so and at about 80% for the last few weeks.  Still have rashes on bottoms of hands and feet.  GI is still wonky.  Still have trouble sleeping.  Still have minor tachycardia.  Still lack appetite.  Also inflammation and joint pain.

It seems like a little herb could alleviate some of these symptoms.  I luckily got over the lung thing early.  I haven't had the desire to smoke or consume recently but wonder if anyone else has found it useful in recovery or a detriment to recovery? Tingling in hands and feet?Had a relapse recently and noticed what I thought might be light tingling in my hands and feet. Seemed like it was only here and there that I would feel it, so I didn't think much of it.

Well, skip to last night and both my feet feel like pins and needles. Later on, I feel a slight tingling in my right hand as well. Freaky.

From what I have gathered, it may be the product of inflammation near the spinal cord or micro clots in the extremities. I've on day 75 now so it's weird that I'm just getting this now. Anyone have have any thoughts/similar experiences? Waves of abdominal pain/fatigue after eating?I had a lower respiratory tract infection back in March, which had all the markers of COVID.  I recovered in about 10 days.  Since then, once or twice a week I will have an "episode" where after I eat the first meal of the day, I'll have somewhat severe abdominal pain followed by extreme fatigue, where I just need to lay down.  Has anyone experienced anything similar?  Nothing seems to help... Hyperthyroidism and Covid?Hi All! I had a doctor visit yesterday where we went over all of my symptoms since I am still experiencing most of them heavily since being presumed positive with Covid weeks ago. At the beginning of this, I had a CT Scan to check for possible blood clots - everything looked good. But the doctor yesterday just brought to my attention that the CT Scan showed a larger nodule on my thyroid.  Apparently this can occur due to inflammation after a viral infection and can cause the nodule to press on the thyroid so much that it causes hyperthyroidism. Symptoms are extreme fatigue, heat intolerance, tachycardia, palpitations, shortness of breath, nervousness/anxiety, mood swings, insomnia...the list is massive! Has anyone else had their thyroid checked out? Could this be a clue into the long tail symptoms? I'm hoping if so that once the inflammation goes down, then all of this will be over with? I am so happy I found this sub!Hi all,

32M, first symptoms March 25th. I have not had a flareup in about 2 weeks but just had a short one for the last 48h.

I was previously extremely active (2010 Olympian, 5x week runner, etc.) and this is easily the most "sick" I have ever been in my life.

I am so happy I have found this sub, I finally feel like I am not the only one going through this. It is terrible, and I hope that there won't be any long lasting effects.

I am still not back to running at all, I have tried multiple times only to feel worse again. Yoga seems to be good though.

Cheers, and stay strong all ! ClarificationSo my girlfriend got her testing results back from CVS today and it states : 
Value Detected 
Standard Range Not Detected 

Could anyone help with a better understand of what this means in depth?

She feels great most of the time, with an off and on fever, sinus, and mild headaches. I have yet to be tested but I am showing a very mild sore throat and have been feeling a little foggy. We are both healthy in our early 20s with no other health complications. Just starting to feel the burning skinI’ve got 83 days under my belt and just recently started feeling the burning skin. Feels like after a sunburn/icy hot. Just started feeling it Memorial weekend. Anyone else getting new things this far out?

Backstory for the curious (I’ll try and make it short): first symptoms started March 16. Super fatigue, brain fog, clammy hands and feet, headache here and there, had a fever of 99.3F only one day. Chest tightness that never turned into a cough, though it constantly felt like I needed to. Random heart palpitations, one that woke me up from a dead sleep. Random flank pain. With all of this, I thought, do I have anxiety now or something?! 

Well March 29 my live-in gf started showing symptoms and got it way worse. Bad deep dry cough, fatigue, brain fog, tunnel vision, SOB that made it hard to get to the bathroom. Fevers. That lasted for about 4 weeks. Her dr ultimately diagnosed with covid after looking at her chest x rays. Got a test, and of course it was negative. Useless. 

Both of us have had waves of recurring symptoms. I get random days of crazy fatigue where I just have to lay down and do nothing. Acid reflux seems to be a continuing issue. All in all, fuck c19. The burning is new though, so strange. Week 12 for me, anyone try Famotidine?[removed] Could our long term symptoms be due to vasculitis?I noticed long term sufferers have all/most of the symptoms that indicated vasculitis (inflammation of the blood vessels or micro blood vessels in several parts of the body). Can you put this forward to your doctor and get tests done for it? What Now???I’ve been almost back to normal and have been pushing myself the last couple days physically. I’ve been sick since mid March. Yesterday I overdid it and when I realized I needed to rest (I get a sore throat before I relapse) I had to make dinner for my family. Anyways today I woke up with body aches and pain and just feeling extremely tired. I haven’t had this ever with covid! It actually reminds me of when I had Lyme disease several years ago. I’m hoping its not a strange foray into more and new symptoms but just a different kind of relapse. Has anyone had the body aches 3 months in? Will it actually go awayMy chest tightness will completely be gone for a few days then comes back worse than before a lot of my other symptoms have calmed down or maybe I’m just very use to them, but I can’t get use to the chest tightness it’s too much.

Anyone else experiencing this? False Negative?Hey guys, so I had all the symptoms under the sun. Started with swollen lymph nodes, then fever, shivering uncontrollably, chills, sharp joint pains and body aches, headache. Went and got tested the next morning for strep, was negative, then swabbed for covid19 (I heard the swab is less accurate when done immediately upon initial symptoms?). Also I feel she didn't stick it far enough back in my nose? That day i had a headache still, extreme fatigue so I slept the whole day, and diahrrea. Day 3 and I now have the dry cough, nodes are not as swollen but had a migraine last night. Still tired. Anyway I asked them for additional testing. Has anyone else had this happen, got tested again and came back positive? Negative antibody test after three months of being sick?I just received my antibody blood test for COVID, and it was negative. HOw is that possible? I have been sick since early March and I had my antibody test at the end of April, and my doctor told me that my antibody test is negative. I gave another blood test today because a whole month has passed so it might be I have not recovered well enough to produce antibodies? And my doctor says usually,  patients develop antibodies after two weeks to one month of this virus, but I do not think it might be true with this virus? 

Has anyone else tested negative for the antibodies as well as the swab? Here’s what helped me beat Corona...[removed] My experience with COVID and what’s worked to beat it[removed] First Post / Encephalitis[removed] Forehead symptoms[removed] Explaining Post-Virus to FriendsSo I had COVID-19 and it was pretty mild for most of the time. It started to get worse about a month ago and there was a solid 5 days where I couldn’t get out of bed because I felt so terrible. The days I could get out of bed I didn’t feel like I had energy to do things I normally would (like workout etc). I’m also a musician and I play a wind instrument, and I 100% had no energy to play it. So as I’m sure a lot of others here can relate to, I didn’t do much for a few weeks while I was sick. This week I’m finally feeling better and I’m starting to get back into things I really should be doing for my profession/ for myself. 

Anyway, I was practicing my instrument today and I felt like it’s definitely harder to breathe than it used to be. It’s not like something is wrong but it’s just something I’ve noticed after having COVID-19. And it takes a lot of air to play my instrument. I was kind of bothered by this and I told my roommate about how frustrating it was. He replied that I should just start “working out” and how he goes out everyday to run and workout but I’ve been staying home a lot. I found this really upsetting just because I felt like I had no control over my body while having COVID, energy-wise. It has been a really tough month for me physically. I explained this to him and it seemed like he didn’t try / understand at all. Obviously I don’t care that much if he believes me but it was frustrating. I also feel like I’ve gained weight since I got sick because I have no energy to go workout, and I feel very self conscious about this, along with not being able to get work done that I needed to. 

I feel like some of my friends don’t understand what it was like to have COVID. Even when I didn’t feel the worst out of the few weeks, I was just so tired and would want to lay in bed. Friends who would video chat me started asking if I was still in bed in the middle of the afternoon. Anyway I find it completely frustrating and I feel like I’m sounding dramatic when telling people why this widespread virus doesn’t just last 14 days like people think. There’s after effects I guess? 

Has anyone else experienced friends/family not understanding how much of a toll this takes on your life? What health “issues” did you end up getting from covid that you never had issues from before?For example, April 12th is when I had my first symptom (diarrhea). And even almost two months since my first symptom, I’ve gained what it likely long term effects from this virus. These long term effects are: I’ve developed asthma that is triggered by anything but pure air (smoke is a killer for me), sleep apnea with at least one known episode a night (I’m normal BMI and never had apnea before), I used to have amazing lungs than can fill up with more air than the average person, now I feel like I have about 1/2 or 1/3 of what I used to have and not showing signs of getting better, constant fatigue (not as bad as it was the first two weeks of symptoms). 

What “long term” symptoms or health issues are you experiencing due to having COVID? Questions about symptomsMale 28. I’ve been sick for 7 days now. 

My question is how long has everyone’s fevers been lasting them? I’ve had mild fever everyday for 7 days

Fever, fatigue and headache has been my main symptoms. My mouth has been having this weird Taste to it and I have no appetite. Severe migraines possibly linked to COVID? (unconfirmed yet)So about two days ago in the middle of the night, I spiked a fever, chills, body aches, a very sorry throat, a bunch of sores on the inside my mouth on my cheeks, swelling in one of my molar gums, and unbearable migraine. I went to a doctor for a nasal swab and am hoping to hear back tomorrow with the results, but my major issue with this whole thing so far, is the migraines. I'm not sure if it's more a migraine or a pulsing headache or what, but it only strikes when I have a high fever and I check my temperature every 2 hours, which could fluctuate anywhere from 98 to 102.

Does anybody know how I can reduce or (God willing) get rid of these migraines? It's mainly in the front area of my forehead only and when it strikes, I try to snuff out any shred of light I can around me. In addition to this, I've tried a hot compress, cold compress, both sometimes, drinking plenty of liquids such as Pedialytes, Gatorade, water, hot tea, and I'm take meds such as DayQuil, NyQuil, ibuprofen, and Sudafed, but none of them seem to reduce the headache. Any suggestions to help would be greatly appreciated! Only lost of taste and smellHey 

So i lost my taste and smell from five days and that's it nothing else i talked to few doctors and some say they think i have and some think i don't but right now i can't get a test of COVID 19 

Do any one lost his taste and smell only and got Positive on COVID19? Is it common? 

Thank you How many here have POTS/tachycardia that doesn't seem to get better?Since catching covid I've been having extreme tachycardia. My HR goes 70 --&gt; 140 bpm just by standing up and doesn't go below 120 when I walk around.

I've had ultrasound and EKG done which were normal. I'm going in for a stress test and Holter monitor.

I'm wondering if anyone else is experiencing this post covid? And if so, did you ever recover? Took an antibody and nasal swabSo I took a nasal swab and antibody test at CityMd a few days ago. The day I took them, my symptoms seemed to get a little less intense at the end of the day. Not perfect breathing but way better than it has been for two weeks. I got my results back today and I’m negative for both the virus and antibodies. 

I for sure feel like I had covid since I’ve never felt the way I have the past 2 weeks. I know the tests aren’t super accurate but I figured I’d at least have some sort of antibodies. Maybe I tested to early since I still felt sick? Anyone else have a similar experience? Termination of automatic breathing?Has anyone else experienced termination of automatic breathing from COVID? 

My automatic breathing stopped for 5sec then followed by a headache and nausea. This is messing up with the blood vessels in the brain or what? No sensation in the lungs though, no pressure or pain. My experience- presumed positive because of no taste/smell, wife tested negative but I think it’s false negativeSo here’s the thing, my wife was tested and after 4 days results came back as negative, but she has all classic symptoms: dry cough, loss of taste/smell, breathing issues, fever. I had mild symptoms of low grade fever and mild body aches. That started to go away and then about 5 days ago I lost all my smell and taste. It’s so frustrating to not be able to smell or taste anything. But also it’s weird because I never got tested (I don’t see a need now since I’m sure I have it and it’s been 10 days since symptoms started) but on top of that my wife got a negative test. It’s a strange place to be in. 

And also I’m freaking out a little with wondering when taste and smell will come back. Covid 19 can last for several months - The Atlantic[removed] Question for the Long TimersI'm trying to determine when exactly I got infected and how long this may last for me. Trying to keep positive, but these ups and downs are brutal.

Anyways, I had a fever, for a day, in late February and then felt perfectly fine. My husband was terribly sick for a week after this, but we just assumed flu or infection since this was before Covid was really a thing where we live. When I say a was fine, I was 100% - never would've suspected anything was wrong. And then on April 15th (6 weeks after the fever) I went downhill fast. Shortness of breath, chest tightness, extreme fatigue, elevated d dimer, scary low potassium levels, neurological issues, etc. These have ebbed and flowed since mid April, but I'm still struggling. My doctors now are realizing it is Covid and possibly an inflammatory response or post viral response since my body did seem to fight off the actual virus well. But, this boggles my mind. Did anyone else have almost no symptoms at all after being infected and then get so much worse weeks after? Any insight as to why this would happen? I got covid-19 from jacking off. AMA.Just finished jacking off and I'm showing symptoms of the virus. IgE levels??Hi everyone. Day 80 something here. Has anyone had their IgE tested while having covid symptoms? Mine was extremely high and I had a rash at the time when tested. Wondering if others are experiencing this too. A relapse with new symptoms. Numbness and tingling. I don’t know what to do any more. Had anyone else had this? I felt normal for about 3 days. Just want to cry. Felt normal for the last three weeks. Can it be back again?So long story short. I'm feeling like its either a reinfection or a strange relapse. Was what I thought was a recovered long termer, symptoms kicked in 19th March. I started feeling nearly back to 100% about three weeks ago. Evidently living the life of a slime, not doing much as I've been terrified of replacing. Okay for a good three weeks. Then a couple of days I started the pitiful cough but ever so intermittently, then tired again (but nowhere near as bad as it was the first time around) and stomach aches which I never had before and my diet is Healthy. Also weird non existent smells which didn't happen until the latent stages of the illness. And today I got the chills and feeling rather warm in waves. I can't go through this again. I'm just thinking about how there is talk of non long term antibodies. I dont feel like I've strained my body at all to do a relapse and considering I've been pretty much back to normal for a while now, but you know when you know your body and things don't feel right. Anyone else? Sharing my symptoms can anyone relate?[removed] 11 weeks in and I don’t know what to do anymoreI’m a 16 year old with asthma for reference. I’ve never been considered to have bad asthma, and only had to take medication before exercise not to prevent an attack but to make it easier to run for sustained time.

It started March 18th, that was the first day I had my fever. Throughout that time and about a week before I had some feeling like I had just been swimming and my lungs felt a little uncomfortable. Not in pain but just a weird feeling. I remember having like a 101, but a fever, headache, and general congestion were the only things I can remember.  

About a week later I started to feel a little better, and online school began right around then so I was able to go back for a day. I had no breathing troubles and that strange swimming feeling had gone away. No fever, congestion etc. I had generally felt healthy again.  

The next day, I began to feel a tightness in my chest with more congestion, burning eyes, clogged head, confusion, and some various burning pain around my body. When I took a deep breath, it would feel like I had a band wrapped around my chest that would stop me from breathing any further. Getting up and walking around (e.g. going to the bathroom) would be a little difficult, short of breath-wise.  

Around then was when we started talking to the doctor. It was difficult to get a test at that time, especially being so young and it being late March it was hard for anyone to get a test. However I had just been with people from Long Island the week before, touring a college campus, and that was right when New York was emerging as a hotspot and that was good enough to get a test.  

The test didn’t go very deep into my nasal cavity, the doctor just swabbed my immediate nostril once and that was it. It came back negative, which worried me a bit because it seemed like I was experiencing breathing troubles without a cause, but my doctor told me that I was “textbook” for COVID up to that point and he was generally sure that I had the virus.  

The next few weeks stayed the same, I would have on-and-off congestion and brain fog, almost as if I had continuous sinus infections. I at that point started antibiotics and prednisone as a possible treatment (antibiotics for sinuses, prednisone for possible complications from asthma. I was also taking my inhalers throughout this period because of my sick plan for asthma). However, the breathing tightness hadn’t gone away up to this point. I was able to take a deep breath, but it was difficult to get to that point and felt a burning sensation on the exhale.  

Early April, right when I started the prednisone, I began to get rashes all over my skin and chest with a feeling of a closing throat. An ambulance came, and because of my status as possible-COVID it had to be a dedicated-COVID doctor. It was a possible allergic reaction to prednisone, however it just turned out to be unrelated. The doctor said that he was sure I had the virus and that this might be just the aftermath of healing. This was the beginning of April, and right when the multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children was being documented in Europe and New York, but I believe there wasn’t a name or connection for it at that time (I cannot really remember so I’m sorry if this is incorrect).  

The week leading up to Easter I had felt the same, congestion, sinus pain, brain fog, and breathing tightness/discomfort, however the day I woke up on Easter I felt much better and only had light breathing tightness. That morning, I began to have extreme confusion and experienced some lightheadedness with brain fog, and began to stare a lot into nothing. This was believed to be a side-effect of my Pepcid medication I was taking for my GERD, (note: I had used Prevacid for most of my life, however I just started on Pepcid for its cooling effect as long as acid reduction I believe. This was because my reflux was thought to be compacted by the virus, so getting this under control was important) however after switching to Prevacid I would still experience this. To this day (June 4) I haven’t had confusion and lightheadedness to that degree. It seemed to have subsided in the coming days.  

My symptoms remained the same in the following weeks, I would still have tightness breathing, and that seemed to be the main symptom left. However, I would sometimes have irregular heartbeats (some fast, some slow in a short period of time) and palpitations despite having no history of heart issues. I remember going for a short 10 minute walk to the end of my street, and after coming in and sitting down my heart palpitated multiple times.  

One day (I can’t remember the exact date but I believe this was early May now) I had some abdominal pain in the lower right section right before going to sleep. I assumed it was gas pain and tried to go to sleep. The next morning waking up, however, the pain had not gone away and even increased. It was hard to move around and I had to bend over to be comfortable. Later in the evening it had gotten worse, and I also felt confused and out-of-it, so I was taken to the hospital for possible appendicitis. The results were just swollen lymph nodes in that section of my abdomen which should resolve themselves.  

The abdomen pain remained with me and would hurt in and off, pain-medication sometimes working, other times not. I began getting pain in the upper left section of my chest, with a rhythm to it. This pain would come and go, generally getting worse at night but I would get it all throughout the day. I also around this time started getting tingling and numbness in my hands, fingers, and forearm area extending from my wrist and about halfway to my elbow. The tingling and numbness were most like panic-attack related, and I seemed to get panic attacks a few nights of the week. I never had severe anxiety or panic attacks before any of the illness began.  

Note that throughout this time I would be visiting doctors in person and online. I was suggested to take another COVID test around mid May, and this one once again came back negative. I started on my prednisone for one day once again for asthma-related reasons, but stopped after a day of doses because it did not seem to help.  

A week later we visit the hospital as a possible case of the MIS-C. Note that this was a month and a half/two months after first showing symptoms. My heart rate was normal, chest x-ray was normal, and while we were there I had blood taken for a COVID antibody test. Came back IgG and IgM COVID not detected, once again confirming that I did not have the virus. (This test was taken a week after I had started the second round of prednisone for that single day and about a month after the first round of prednisone, and we later learned that prednisone suppresses the antibodies and might cause there to be a false-negative. This may or may not have affected me, but I hope to take another antibody test in the coming weeks/month). My inflammation markers were a little elevated, but not much to raise any concern so I was not believed to be an MIS-C patient at that time.  

We went to a pulmonologist at the end of May, and after a CT scan of my chest, I was found to have pneumomediastinum, and while I did not have a hole in my lung anymore, I did still have air trapped in the center of my chest that was pushing on my heart and caused the pain I had when breathing. Whatever illness I had before seemed to have been the cause of this (the pulmonologist believes COVID), and it is thought to be another month before I’m pain-free and the air is absorbed.  

Today, I still have breathing pain and burning when I take a deep breath, however those seem to be the only physical symptoms I still continue to experience (the abdominal pain has subsided, and I have not had a fever in two months with the highest being 102.7). Most of what I’m experiencing today stems from the mental symptoms. I feel completely drained like I have no energy, and I have certain periods throughout the day where I will just stare and have no thoughts. My brain is completely fogged. It’s hard to concentrate a lot of the time, and I have not began the schoolwork from months ago. It’s hard to find the energy to do a lot, and I get headaches at night most nights for the past week now.  

I’m mostly writing this as a way to vent. I have been experiencing this for 11 weeks now, and at my best during this time I feel like I’ve only been at most 75% of my healthy self. I’m losing hope that this will be a short term issue. It’s strange how you never think something will happen to you until it does. And I’ve tested negative 3 different times for this illness so I’m still unsure of what has caused these issues I’ve been dealing with for almost 3 months now. Even though I’ve had countless doctors tell me they believe it’s COVID, it still doesn’t give me reassurance and I’ve become paranoid of being sick again. I barely go out without being extremely anxious, and constantly hand wash even around the house. However, I’ll keep being optimistic that one day things will get better and my normal life can return, because this sure can take a heavy toll on a person mentally. Thank you. Statins and High Blood Pressure MedsHey guys I am nearing the 3 month mark here with the flurry of Covid 19 symptoms everyone has been dealing with. Now that more studies and reports have been surfacing regarding it being more of a blood/endothelial damaging virus, I wanted to ask and see if anyone has taken any Statins or High Blood Medication to combat all the "never-ending" symptoms. And if so, what have been the outcomes of that till now? 

It's been a long dreadful recovery but I'm certain that our bodies will eventually reach some homeostasis given its "continuous healing" components. 

Lets keep going✌🏼 Recovering from COVID and NightshadesI am 28 days out from being sick with COVID. I was a pretty minor case where I lost my smell and taste, had diarrhea and constipation, dizziness and fatigue. No upper respiratory infection lucky, but everything else knocked me on my butt. 


Since I am in recovery still, I have removed processed sugar from my diet since that causes my dizzy spells and fatigue to flare up again. I’m on a whole food plant based diet for the most part, and that has helped a ton in keeping the flare ups of fatigue and dizziness at bay. 


Another thing I have noticed is that when I eat eggplant or potatoes is that I get a flare up of fatigue, and the only thing I can think of is that these two things are in the nightshade family and for some people that is inflammatory. I hope this isn’t the case since I love potatoes, tomatoes, and peppers. 


I was wondering if anyone else has had similar symptoms with eating nightshade vegetables? Do I keep bothering my doctor for a neurologist referral or not?Day 76... I'm beginning to sound like someone stuck on a life raft...

Anyhoo, it's been a while since my suspected Covid-19 infection somewhere in the middle of March. Since then I've been getting increasingly worrying neurological symptoms which don't seem to want to abate any time soon. My left arm doesn't seem to be communicating with my brain properly, I get pins and needles in my hands, face, soles of my feet, lips, tongue and nose. I get sharp stabbing pains just about everywhere and I regularly get a buzzing sensation in the middle of my chest and tinnitus in my ears, which, without fail, means something else will start up again (my throat may feel like it's closing up, or maybe my bottom lip goes numb, or I get a stab in my ankle, it's a crapshoot).

I had an appointment with a doctor last week who said "it's anxiety". I've had anxiety since I was 5. I know anxiety. This isn't it. I told him. He said "it's anxiety". He did some tests to see if I'd had a stroke but since I was in between attacks everything was fine (isn't that always the way?). So he sent me on my merry way with a leaflet about anxiety and told me to call back if I wanted anti-anxiety meds.

Now what do I do? The doctor is sick of me because I've been sick for so long. IF I manage to get a referral to a neurologist (something I literally mentioned during the appointment) it might take weeks or month since it's the NHS. I can't afford a private one since I spent my last spondoolies on a cardiologist (since my heart was also misbehaving).

Do I wait it out? I don't want to wake up one day without a working arm. Or lungs. And if I decide to call again, what on earth am I going to say to convince him? "I found this on the Internet" doesn't really work on doctors. Day 113 - Does anyone know of any doctors or clinical studies in NYC that are focusing on long-term cases? Long tail sufferers , how many have found IgG antibodies?I am suffering long tail but did not show IgG antibodies? BruisingDoes anyone find they are bruising really easily even months after?? Lingering odd headaches still 3 months later with ear pressure, pain and burning nose?Hi all,

Any of you have lingering headaches three months into the post-viral stage? The top of head feels tender and painful which extends to the right part of head reaching to right ear, nose and teeth? Pressure and stiffness at the back of ur head which spreads to the neck? It is really annoying and what did you do about it? Any medications that relieve the pain? Long tail inflammation stage what medicine?37m, 6ft, 205lbs, usa-va, no preconditions, I am at about 11 weeks or so in.  I came down with this in mid-march.  I have felt like my whole body has been inflamed.  I just received some blood test results back. My tsh (thyroid) test is coming back in line.. in mid April it was at about 9 then in early may it at about 7 and now it is at about 5.25.  I believe it needs to be below 4 to be in the normal range.  The main test result that concerns me is sedimentation.  This came in at 22.  The normal range for a male is between 0 and 15.  This test is to measure inflammation. I really don't know the specifics.  My c reactive came in at .2 and my cpk came in at 108 all within normal range.  I think that this illness is causing some type of vasculitis which impacts various organs.  I still have covid hands and toes.  They burn and are red and splotchy.  My GI is wonky (loud and soft) and occassionally my kidneys hurt and I get random chest pains.  Luckily, I had very minor pneumonia per the chest x ray.  I never had a cough just shortness of breath. Sp02 stayed at 94 and above. It has been a wild ride and while I am not in extraordinary pain I am uncomfortable especially at night. My diet is good and I don't eat a bunch of shit food.  I do miss the occasional french fry. 

Does anyone know what medicines are being used to treat this post inflammation stage? I have read steroids and immunosuppressants but I have not found a specific protocol.  I understand that diet plays a factor.. I am taking 500mg of tumeric and 1250mg of omega 3 fish oil. Also I am on prebiotics and probiotics, 1450mg of liposomal vitamin c, d3, b12, and 50mg zinc sulfate. Is coughing up bits of phlegm post viral?For 3 months!
It seems to be reducing but it’s hard for me not to think that this is post viral and not ongoing covid. 
How long does this thing really last? 
4-6 months?
1 year? 
Wish I had real answers with so little information Big respect to hospital cleaner I met last weekSo I was in week 11 of the long tail and got admitted to hospital. Broomfield , Essex UK

I spent two nights in with arrhythmia. 

Met this cleaner, he was an African American living with wife in the UK age 50ish. While he was cleaning my room we got talking, he had been laid off in April from his job in a distribution depot and applied for this hospital cleaning job. 

Being  black he knew the risks he was taking as at the time the pattern of high mortality in his community was already emerging. 

He said his wife was not happy but he said to her “ ok let’s say x is the risk of catching this virus and then x is the risk I die from it” putting the two together he made the call that his chances of dying were slim.

Ok I thought now that’s a calculation not many people have to make.

He then went onto say he actually caught it! He had the classic 7-14 days of symptoms and returned to work on day 14.

Now he really was COVID positive! Is anyone suffering from vascular issues?Hopefully this goes away How many of you are not quarantining, despite ongoing symptoms months later?I’m seeing posts of a lot of people who are testing positive after many weeks, with no lingering fevers, or other symptoms. I’m also seeing people saying they have relapses with sore throats, exhaustion, SOB, fevers, and have a negative test and/or no antibodies, or maybe antibodies, but never got tested, or tested positive, but are now negative, but symptomatic. 

Are we supposed to quarantine indefinitely until the relapses stop? People cannot possibly be contagious for months on end, can they? Lab lost test results.So I came into direct contact with someone 2 days before their confirmed diagnosis. Instead of going to a testing center, I called my doctor instead who recommended I take a test instead despite having no symptoms. I was told the results would be back in 2-5 days and to quarantine at least until the results come back. That was 2 and a half weeks ago. Everytime I called for the results they'd say some cop out like "there's been a delay", " we'll call you", etc. They still won't admit that they lost the results. 

But my question actually lies in the fact that I'm being charged for the test. As I said, since I went through a "private" practice the test is not free. My insurance did cover most but I still owe a bit. Is there anyway to argue against this since I never got the results and had to quarantine a full 2 weeks anyway? Long termers, checking in29F, Sick since early March. Waiting on antibody results. 

Right now the trend is I have 5-7 mildly good days before my symptoms go into overdrive. Good days are not me feeling 100%. I consider a good day being able to fold and put away laundry without having to sit down. My muscles also ache on good days, like I’ve done a new workout. Before my symptoms start back up I usually get an ache in my spine, then my hands start to sweat again and it’s back to laying on the couch, evil chills, 0 appetite, heart beating out of chest.

Something was brought up to me recently too, and I think it’s important to share with you all. 

One of my worst symptoms I’ve been calling nausea. It’s where I can’t eat, even though I can taste and smell the food, my brain doesn’t recognize it as food. I have to literally force myself to chew and swallow. It almost feels like I’m trying to eat grass or carpet or something. But I don’t get the urge to throw up and I don’t gag. After my doctor sat me down and really had me describe my symptoms in detail, she informed me that the medical term for that symptom is anorexia. For a long time we’d been trying to treat one thing, when it really was another, (Zofran does seem to help though). 

Anyways, I encourage you all to be detailed and through with your doc about your lingering symptoms. Be as descriptive as possible, you’re not being dramatic, you’re sick and your doc needs to hear your story. Family dramaDo any of you all have family that don’t believe you could possibly be sick this long? My immediate family is supportive but my extended family is urging me to go to therapy. They basically think I’m a hypochondriac at this point. I’ve had this since late March and am about 80-90% better with some chest pain and SOB. Ongoing weird symptomatology 4m after the viral infection?Hi have some of you experienced contiouns or lateng symptomatology?
I have had after the viral infection;
Pericarditis,
Joint pain,
Fatigue,
"Bubbly sensation"under my skin(perhaps muwcular or vascular contractions?)
More sensitivity to smell noise and light
Etc..
For 4 months and still on the ride Overwhelming anxiety after “recovering.”26/F/54 days since 1st symptoms. It’s been almost two months since I first started experiencing Covid-19 symptoms. I have never been presumed positive as at the time I was sick, the symptoms I had were not declared as official symptoms. I had mild/moderate symptoms and was so terrified during the duration of those 8-9 days, it was crippling. Now that I’m feeling better, my anxiety is just as awful as I’ve read articles of individuals with mild symptoms being recovered or asymtomatic and recovered and experiencing strokes after 2 months. 
My anxiety is crippling me. I am so freaked out and worried that something like this can happen to me, my boyfriend who did not develop symptoms at all, or my father who also got it. I can’t sleep, I can’t eat, I don’t know what to do. The data isn’t much because two months ago was right when it incline happened, so who knows what could happen a month from now. I’m terrified and I don’t know what to do/expect. I have no more covid symptoms aside from chest tightness that I’ve been attributing to anxiety and my costochondritis. I also have allergy symptoms some days, and all I can think about is being reinfected or the virus being reactivated. Anyone else going through something similar? Just for fun, what were some of your most random symptoms? (More in comments)So, we all know that everyone has had their own smorgasbord of symptoms, but did anyone have any weird, random symptoms? 
My freakish symptoms included constant twitching right eyebrow, constantly twitching left side of tongue, and itchy underarms, with added bonus of curry infused body odour. Haven’t had a curry for about a year, and have been eating terribly bland food. Long Termers : I was presumed coronavirus positive in March - Keep having relapses - Just found out my antibody test is negative...?I don't know what to say.  I've been very sick from coronavirus and my symptoms match so many other people who have been experiencing inflamation, vein, &amp; heart issues.  If I push myself even the tiniest bit, I have a relapse for a week or more.  However my antibody test just came back negative.  WTH?

Is this why I keep relapsing because my body is not successful creating antibodies to fight this off or it hasn't been long enough at over 2 months or is the test unreliable?

SARS-CoV-2 AB IGG  Negative Did anyone have skin issues? What were they? (Slightly gross: trigger warning)I have had the mildest psoriasis in the past (large, red flaky patches), usually in response to humidity. I have other autoimmune issues--celiac and a mild form of either psoriatic arthritis or ankylosing spondylitis--so it's not surprising.

However, now, I definitely have psoriasis in several places, and it's the worst outbreak I've ever had.  One knee, the back of one calf, and my lower back. 

Anyone else have a nasty exacerbation of existing skin issues, particularly autoimmune ones, during the virus, and after it? Does that go away? Interesting data from Infectious Disease Researchers[removed] Coronavirus f’d my whole life up and I finally just broke down today.TL;DR Covid cost me my jobs, independence, health, and relationships.

Hi all. I don’t know where to begin really. March 14th is when my symptoms first appeared. My case was severe, but luckily not bad enough to become critical. I had it all: shortness of breath, congestion, dry cough, fever, diarrhea, heart palpitations, etc. I collapsed at the top of the stairs on day 8. I was taken to the ER in an ambulance around day 10. No covid test was given to me because I’m only 32(F) and since I got sick at the beginning of the pandemic, everything was an utter shit show. I live in the 3rd largest city in America. There were no tests being given unless you were on death’s doorstep. I have a rare autoimmune disease and asthma and I still couldn’t get one. The fever never quit. Not Tylenol, not ibuprofen, not aspirin, not any combination of them would lower my fever. I had my window wide open even though it was 40°F outside. The cough from hell. I coughed so hard I actually stress fractured a rib and strained my muscles and cartilage. One time I ate a bowl of lucky charms and was out of breath for 2 hours afterward. Bonus: I had a tooth abscess that got infected so I needed antibiotics for that as well, because the infection was spreading towards my respiratory track and causing me a lot of pain as well.

My physician has zero doubt I had the virus and I have no doubt as well. There is literally nothing else it could be. I tested negative for both types of flu on day 3. By day 24 I wasn’t getting any better on my own with my inhaler, daily immunomodulator, and prescription cough medicine. My physician put me on a high dose of prednisone for 5 days to immunosuppress me. I couldn’t be near or even touch my kids for nearly 2 weeks which was so difficult. Luckily the prednisone did the trick to stop the inflammation. Now I still have heart problems at age 32 including bradycardia when I sleep and tachycardia when I am awake even though all the other symptoms have gone. Still have weak lungs though. 

Right before I got sick, was the last time I saw her. The woman of my dreams. I thought I would get to see her again. I thought quarantine would be just a few weeks. I was so so wrong of course.  Now because of the circumstances, I won’t ever get to see her again. I never got to give her a hug goodbye (although that ended up being for the best since I would’ve infected her), I never got to tell her how I feel, and now the chances of me seeing her in person again are very very slim. 

Around day 25 I made a post on Facebook letting people know I had the virus, but that it looked like I was going to make it through ok. I was tired of seeing posts about people neglecting social distancing and not taking the virus seriously, so I thought I would tell everyone so it would hit them a little closer to home. Plus I have depression and I was really getting down. Before that I didn’t tell anyone except my family and the people I came into physical contact with in case they showed symptoms, because I didn’t want to worry anybody. 

Well my brother saw the post. He and I have never seen eye to eye but when he saw my post, I got a nasty text from him, calling me a narcissist who made up a covid diagnosis (despite 3 physicians saying otherwise) in order to get sympathy and attention. Now he’s always been pretty mean to me, but this was the straw that finally broke the camel’s back. I told my parents who ripped him a new a-hole, and blocked him out of my life completely. Not once in the month I was sick did he call or text to see if I was ok, if I was alive, but only contacted me when he saw my post. He cared more about what I post on Facebook that might embarrass him than if his sister was actually ok and going to make it. He’s my only sibling.

I’m an actor. I was doing a show at a well known theater in my city before lockdown was incurred. We did two runs and then it was cancelled. The theater does want to run it again when we reopen but we have yet to know when that day will come. Acting is my passion, what gives me joy in life, and it was taken away. Not only that, I Lyft drive to make ends meet, and since I was infected, my account was suspended until I can prove I’m all better. 

I was supposed to move out of the apartment I share with my ex this year. We are good friends and coparent well,  but it really is time to go our separate ways. Well since I got sick and am out of work, my savings intended to be used to get an apartment in the same neighborhood was completely depleted in order to pay bills as both of us are out of work. Now I’m stuck here for another 8 months to a year, at least. 

I went to get my antibody test (Abbot) this past Friday. It was a long wait because again, this whole pandemic has been so mismanaged it took a month and half after my last symptom subsided (bar the heart issues) before I could finally get an appointment for the test. I got a call this morning: no antibodies found. You guys, I just lost it. I broke down. I cried and cried and cried. I have been through such hell physically and mentally and I don’t even have proof to show it. I don’t know if I have any immunity to covid and this could happen again, I don’t know if the test was a false negative. I just don’t know. But I couldn’t take it anymore. I texted my primary physician who assured me that I did indeed have covid and that the accuracy of the Abbot test wasn’t very good, especially the longer you wait after your symptoms subside. My depression is at an all time high. I don’t know if I should waste money getting the Roche antibody test. I just feel lost.

If you made it this far reading: thanks I appreciate it. If you skipped over a bunch: I don’t blame you. I sound like a whiny teenager and I am grateful to be alive. 

This whole year sucks. Anyone else's hands and feet sweating violently?That's been one of the creepiest things going on with me lately along with fatigue that feels like I'm bout to give up the ghost, pains in my fingertips, and heart beating too hard. People with 15+ weeks of symptoms, how are you doing now?? Is it getting better??I need some and positivity right now. I am on week 12 and my GI issue just don resolve and also I started experiencing tachycardia a few weeks ago!. Any1s first symptom been shortness of breath?1 week prior to all my symptoms hitting me at once (loss of smell and taste, flu, all that stuff...) i only had shortness of breath. It was bad but manageable.

I had a whole straight week of only 1 symptom (that being SOB) and then it hit me..chills, coldness, all that stuff. I thought it was an anxiety attack.

i never got a fever or cough and i dont have the covid penumonia either

Im gradually recovering as well....however...the SOB is a problem.

Was wondering if any1 experienced this as well? 2 months later. Stomach is still messed up big time. Anyone else?It’s been two months since I started to improve. I still feel like shit almost every day but I think this also has to do with pre existing health conditions that I had before covid and am trying to figure out still. 

Anyways, I eat extremely healthy and have always never had any gut/stomach/digestion issues EVER...but ever since getting covid my stomach has been trashed. 

First it was indigestion and heartburn. But for the last month, every time I eat or drink my stomach feels upset almost like IBS. Something is definitely off and I can feel that my gut was damaged. 

Anyone else? DAY 67, clearing up of symptoms. Still have faint rash but mostly fatigue.Hello all, 

So if you want to see how my journey has been so far do look at my other two posts! 

Generally most of my past symptoms like bone pain and muscle pain, SOB, tight chest have gone. I had sores but they cleared up fast. Although my heart rate is still occasionally fast.

The symptoms that remain are as follows 

Foamy Urine (had my kidneys checked and also did a urinalysis, no protein and everything checks out fine) 

Rash on face which is not painful but seems to be sensitive to sun, it is itchy occasionally (similar to Lupus rash but had a full CTD screen that is very sensitive to Lupus and tested negative and was at the very low end of scale.. not even close to positive) 

Abdominal pain occasionally. 

But the most prevalent one I’m feeling today and yesterday which is new. Is absolutely crushing fatigue. It almost feels like I’ve taken a Valium. Two even! haven’t had this until now! Not to this level anyway. It’s disabling! 

The pain has started to go anyway which is a positive. Still some general aches but moving very faint now. 

Has anyone else had this ? 

Lots of love to all hope your all healing x Chest tightness &amp; cough after a short walkHi Guys,

My lung feels normal until I start doing some activities like a short walk which will trigger the chest tightness and coughs. It happens every time and seems not improving! are you guys getting the same issue? Dr Seheult (Medcram) on long term symptoms[removed] Another one presumed positive in France (2+ months in)Hey there,

Before anything else, excuse me for my poor English. It's far from perfect but I'm working on it :)

So, I'm struggling with this crazy virus since the beginning of April. It all started with some low fever, sore throat, SOB, tachychardia and chest pain. Luckily, I didn't experienced any coughing. 

Symptoms are still switching on and off depending on the days. I felt WAY better the last five days but I just relapsed this morning with crazy fatigue and brain fog.

Anyone else had the same symptoms ? Everytime I feel i'm getting better, this shit comes with new symptoms. I can barely walk more than 2kms. After that, I get severe tachycardia and headaches for the rest of the day.

Please share some good ending stories to a Frenchie who REALLY needs it. Long termersIs there any evidence out of China or Italy that long term symptomatic patients recover? 
Why is there such a lack of information Long term sufferers - has anyone seen a neurologist?I have an appointment this week and I'm wondering what to expect. I will also follow up after my appointment, in case the information helps anyone else here. Does your chest/back ever burn like you just worn a freshly ironed shirt? For those with a grab bag of crazy and prolonged symptoms - Coronavirus May Be a Vascular Disease, Which Explains Everything[removed] What are some good remedies to alleviate symptoms?My boyfriend’s co-worker tested positive for Covid-19. He works pretty closely to him. Their boss is a piece of shit and kept working the guy even though he was sick and was awaiting a test result. My boyfriend started having a cough, sore throat, etc. the other day but can’t get a test because his fever isn’t high enough. I started having a sore throat today and am trying to make my preparations for feeling like crap. Euphoric feeling before shortness of breath??[removed] What were your first symptoms?I went to get tested today but I won't have results for another 2 to 3 days.

I started feeling off Saturday night, woke up fine Sunday then by sundown I started feeling feverish and low energy. My body temperature only went up to 98.8 F. Today I went to get tested, I felt okay just off, as the day goes, my energy level is low and feel warm but no fever. Body temp is at 98.6 F

&amp;#x200B;

I am waiting for my symptoms to get worse hopefully I am not really sick but will not know until I get my test results. 

&amp;#x200B;

What did you guys first experience? Anyone taking blood thinners?I heard a Dr. saying most covid patients will need anticoagulants. Anyone get prescribed blood thinners? Joint Pain (Knees and Elbows) Two Months LaterSo I got sick in late March with mild symptoms (back pain, sternum pain, light fever, sore throat, coughing, sneezing, chills, joint pain, fatigue, and such). I'm a 27 year old healthy male with a well controlled anxiety disorder. Since recovering I've experienced almost a different symptom every week. This week I'm dealing with joint pain in my knees and elbows. Has anyone else experienced this? Have been feeling better for the last 3-4 days but last night and this morning i feel very ill again (19m)my cough was starting to subside and i was starting to feel alot better than i have done for a while and i felt like i had alot more energy,lungs felt better and cough wasnt as bad but now in the last24hrs ive started to get sick again after most of my symptoms clearing up by day 20ish around about that but now its day 23 and i feel like its back.

since 6-7pm last night ive been having a migraine and felt abit drained,ive just woke up with a cough,lungs feel very sore especially the right side,sore throat and body pains and i my eye keeps going blurry as if theirs gunk in it ( as if im developing a stye or a eye infection) getting stomach pains and what not. UCSF has started studying long-term effects of Covid[removed] Were any of you experiencing low O2 after the six week mark, later in the day?I got sick in late March, starting with a loss of smell. I was diagnosed by a telemedicine in early April. 7 weeks on, my only serious symptom is low O2 early in the afternoon, and then occasionally at night.

I’ve had a raft of medical tests. There’s literally nothing that would indicate that there’s anything wrong, except some chest pain and my O2 dropping to the mid eighties after several hours.

I’m 50. I was in good shape two months ago. I’m moderately overweight. I’m female. There’s nothing remarkable about me physically, except ankylosing spondylitis and celiac.

Anyone else experience the same thing? How long did it take to recover? Have y'all had stiff limbs?My left hand is kinda stiff. My middle finger and ring finger feel really stick when i try to form a fist.

My right foot seems like a brick, and its quite stiff as well

Alongside this my right hand is drier than Britannia biscuits, and the skin is flaking. I also wrinkles on both hands. I didnt have this before. My hands have aged 100 years in the past month... My interesting experience with COVID-19.So last week went back to work, right. One of my co-workers, lets call her Michelle, Michelle and me were pretty close co-workers before her pandemic and we were excited to see each other. 

In hindsight, probably one of the stupidest things to do in these times, we shared a bag of popcorn. Both of our hands going into the bag. We also conversatsd less than 6 feet, she wasn’t wearing he mask, I forgot if I took off my mask at any point. That was all on Tuesday. 

Flash forward to Friday, we find out the Michelle tested positive for COVID-19, through her mother. She was asymptomatic when I was near her as far as I know. 

So right after that, I went to go get tested. Friday, I had a cough and a fever of 101. Took DayQuill that night and ever since then haven’t had any noticeable symptoms. 

So I’m wondering, is it possible I didn’t even get COVID? Or is it possible I could be an asymptomatic carrier? My mother and girlfriend both haven’t had any symptoms either. 

But I just find it very odd how I literally exchanged food, and was in close proximity to a COVID-19 infected person and without a mask, and still not be infected. Has anyone else with COVID dealt with sore and swollen lymph nodes all over the body for more than 5 weeks?I have sore and swollen lymph nodes on my neck, arm pits, chest, abdomen and groin since my diagnosis almost 7 weeks ago. Is anyone else experiencing this? What have you done to regain your hunger? (Day 80)As time has passed, my symptoms have died down slowly. Now one of the things that lingers is my little desire to eat and finding most food undesirable. I regained it for a week around day 55ish. But it went away and hasent come back. My stomach can process food better it seems as its not hurting everytime i eat food thankfully. However, this lack of hunger has gone on for way too long. I have certain moments of little hunger, but nothing like how i used to be. As from my appetite issues, the only thing persisting thats noticeable is dull aching pains in the chest and rib area. And very recently feeling like its harder to breath at times. But ive kind of learned to live with it for the moment being. And it seems to get somewhat better if i go for a quick walk around the block. 

It seems only really tasty food fullfils me and even then I have to eat it slowly and take large breaks (an hour or two) before finishing a whole meal. I also become extremely sleepy, more than i used to in the past. 

Just thankful that im getting better tbh, its been a very slow recovery but what can you do besides tough it out and see what others have done to help their situation. Kinda feels like i force feed a lot of the time and i dont want to feel like that anymore, I WANT TO FEEL HUNGRY!!! LOL The disease started anew after 11 weeksFirst symptom was March 15  

**May 24:** I beef even though not hungry.  Later developed **tickle in throat.** (new symptom).  Coughed lots, only other time I coughed that much was one night in March.  

**May 27:** didn't eat all day, had burger at night.  SOB got worse, possibly resembling beginning stages of ARDS--SOB never this bad before, feels like half of lung is dead.  Breaths quick and labored.  

**May 28:** Breathing improved a little.  Since sky was cloudy, I sat under bright fluorescent lights instead.  Did this twice that day (never done this before, house lights are incandescent).  Second time, **saliva started tasting sweet.**  After, food didn't taste normal.  

**May 29 (today):** Breathing improved a little more, still feels like parts of lower lung are dead.  Nothing remarkable

It feels like I've begun COVID anew, right from the start.  So many new symptoms (tickle throat, loss of taste, and the coughing fit that I only ever had back on March 21, when my sickness first made itself clear. SpO2 simplified95-100 you are ok
90-95 not normal but you are still ok. Keep track and go doctor
90 or below time for the hospital Aftermath21o female, no health issues, healthy lifestyle.

Got very sick in february after a trip to Rome (coughing, earinfection, high fever, heart palpitations). The months after i remained feeling extremely tired (too tired to get breakfast, needed a break after brushing my teeth). I never got tested, because of the low testing capacity where i live only old people an people at risk get tested. Rome at that time wasn’t considered a risk area (even though there was a confirmed outbreak). But whatever i just stayed calm and took care of myself. Now almost june i still suffer from heartproblems. I cant walk for more then 10 minutes. Ended up on the ER after fainting. Cardiologist said my heart got infected from covid 19. I cant do any activity because my pulse is too high. I belong to the risk group now so i’m scared i’ll catch it again. My country doesn’t test for antibodies but from my blood results they could see i’m no longer infected right now (white blood cells, ... i guess?).

Now the scary thing: i avoided contact for months. When i did see someone, the next day my throat immediatly hurted and i felt more tired again. This has happened three times and the symptoms last for a week. Luckily they dont get worse but it scares me to death. 

Simmilar experiences? Can you relapse multiple times? Or innocent? Lost lasting mild feverI’m on day 25. Most of my symptoms are gone but still have a mild daily fever of 95.5-100 F.  Yeah, some days I still have some stomach problems and headaches, but nothing like it was before. That darn fever just won’t go away. 

My doc told me today that they’ve had some patients now that have had a fever for more than 40 days now. I’m just glad to hear that the doctors office is aware of this now. 

I’ve heard other people suffering from similar things here. 

It seems we are not alone, and doctors offices are starting to realize some of us are suffering for longer than usual “mild” cases. Hopefully in some strange way that’s comforting. 😉 Tachycardia - Figuring out when and why.Hi Reddit,

Posted before about tachycardia and random spo2 drops. Got very friendly advice about the readings and taking vitamins, which were taken to heart. Further along the covid line now. Wonder if anyone noticed the same as me.

Before anything: Im not a doctor, there's no advice in this just what I personally experienced and measured. Experiences may vary in each individual :) Not looking for a diagnosis here ofc, just sharing stories. Also, long post is long, sorry for the read but I figured context may be important.

In short:
Im at day 80something, presumed positive in March, tested late so negative twice, clean blood, clean lungs, seemingly alright ECG except tachycardia and palpitations. Waiting for a bicycle fitness ECG and 24hr monitoring test to check for arrythmia.

Lingering cough, quickly out of breath with spo2 dips to 90-95 after for example walking upstairs or doing the laundry and primarily a heart rate that keeps going up. I used to be ok-fit slightly high bodyfat percentage but not overweight.

I check my Fitbit for the heartrate and have the same pulse-oxymeter as my GP that also measures HR. Fitbit seems to be a slightly lower HR than the pulseox.

The point:
I've had about six weeks now to 'experiment' with the heart rate conditions after the fever went away and I noticed a few things.

- When sleeping the heart rate is mildly elevated from what it used to be (+- +10 extra)
- When lying down it's around 60-75
- When sitting it goes from 75 - 90
- When standing still it goes to 90 - 120
- When I walk it goes anywhere from 100 - 150

Noticed:
- Often wake up from vivid dreams after about 4-5 hours with a HR of 80+ not sure if the HR wakes me up or the dreaming increased my HR.
- When standing up from lying down it immediately shoots to the 100+ range within seconds. If I stand still it stabilizes to 90-110 after a bit.
- it stabilizes when sitting down after a short walk (a mile or so) to the 85 - 100 range but it can take a while, sometimes hours. Some days it's at 75ish for a while when lucky. That used to be normal for me.
-  Noticed the heart rate is usually higher around dinner time and 2 hours after eating. 
- Sometimes the heartrate randomly shoots to the 100+ range for a while, even going to 160, only to stop doing that whenever it pleases. can't seem to identify the trigger. 
I feel like it usually happens hours after I've taken a walk.
- Sometimes I feel a ton of random adrenaline, like I ate a bag of sugar, feeling subsides after a few hours.
- Somewhere around the time I usually go to bed my heart rate lowers to 70-80 when I sit. Like it anticipates the rest.
- BP ranges from 120 - 75 to 160 - 100+ seemingly random if measured. Usually somewhere 140-90 never had problems before.

"Doctor Google" says POTS but I dont have much faith in Dr Google ;) It does seem like my body is having trouble getting enough blood through my system when standing up. 

I have had relapses with more tachycardia trying to walk a bit or do mild excersize so Im really trying not to find the balance between enough bedrest to keep my heartrate from going up and not deconditioning more than I already have after nearly three months. 

Anyone with very similar outputs? Constructive input always welcome ofcourse.

Wishing you all the best and a clean recovery. Question for the LadiesHas anyone noticed extremely heavy flows that won't end and an increase in clots? I thought maybe this was from stress from having the virus, but now I'm wondering if it's something to do with how the virus alters and thickens the blood. My D Dimer keeps coming back abnormally high, but after CT scans I show no blood clots. Honestly I am thinking that Covid19 is chronicReading the posts about the so many relapses even 1, 2 months later after full ‘recovery’ , (together with the Chinese studies that it kills immune T cells and evades them using the same method as HIV), I am thinking now that this virus will be chronic Did you need blood thinners?Have you had a blood tested? Where you prescribed blood thinners?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/gth0tr) Questions Regarding My Son (18)I hope this is ok to post.

My son just had the test this morning for Covid but based on his symptoms, the doctor told him to quarantine for ten days and he is presumed positive. I’m treating his fever with Motrin and fluids. The range for his fever has been 101.9 to 102.3 so far, and it hasn’t gone down for two days. His symptoms are weakness, fatigue, cold then hot then cold, full body aches, chest heavy feeling when breathing, migraine, neck pain and no appetite. His O2 levels have wavered between 93 to 96 sat. We won’t get the results likely until Monday or Tuesday but the doc said he believes it’s covid and will be treating as such regardless of the results. (Negative for strep, no flu test but he had the flu shot if that matters. We were told to watch for extreme neck pain and stiffness and take him to the ER immediately if that happened.)

My questions are what more can I do for him? Those of you who went through this, what would you have wanted or needed for your caregiver to do for you? What signs should i look for that things are getting dangerous? I did talk to the doctor as much as possible but was very worried and overwhelmed and probably didn’t absorb all the info i was told and I’m reading conflicting things. I’m a mess, TBH. I was just hoping to get some advice if possible. I’m sorry to all of you who have gone through this miserable thing or have watched your loved ones go through it. It’s extremely scary, I would trade places with him in a heartbeat. Back PainI had mild COVID symptoms back in March and experienced a sharp pain in the upper left part of my back around that time. I'd never had any back issues before. The back pain has returned the past couple weeks, but this stretch has been much longer than the initial couple days of back pain around the time of my other symptoms. Has anyone else experienced back pain that coincided with their other COVID symptoms? Long term loss of smell and tasteI had mild COVID symptoms back in March that included headache, fatigue, and muscle aches. Shortly after those symptoms resolved I completely lost my senses of smell and taste. Since then, my taste has gradually improved to about 50% of what it used to be, but my smell is still close to zero (although some days I can randomly smell a bit better). Has anyone lost their sense of smell for over two months and then eventually fully recovered it? Are doctors more wise about covid tachycardia? I think I'm going crazy4+ weeks of being tachycardic. 8+ weeks since I started showing symptoms. I don't think I've ever experienced something like this, not even when I was sick from myocarditis.

My heart rate is constantly elevated in the high 80's and 90's. A sudden small movement makes it jump 10-15 bpm. Standing up makes it go up to 130-140. I feel winded all the time. I feel like an invalid. I'm a previously healthy women who went to the gym 3 times a week and loves running once or twice a week. Any of these are completely out of the equation right now.

ECG is normal. Ultrasound is normal. The doctors are  clueless. Bloodwork is normal. What the hell is going on? A real question...Is it possible to live in the same house as someone who has corona and not get it? Any research that talks about this that anyone has seen? On the mend! But light heart pain is returning 🤔Helloooo 20M here 

After having symptoms (Light SOB, chest/heart pain, dizziness, kidney pain, aches, loss of appetitte and smell and taste, etc) for around two weeks, I finally started feeling amazing and have been feeling good for a solid two weeks. 

The light heart pain I feel now is my only remaining symptom and it has come and gone in the past 2 days. My question is, has anyone had a little bit of heart pain come back after recovery? Alternatively, has anyone had a second wave of the pain and then had it go away completely?

I had two EKG dones (one about two weeks ago and one a week ago) and they came back perfectly normal. Same with a chest x-ray I had about 2 weeks ago. 

Hang in there everyone! We will get through this :) Long termers take heart- some doctors are paying attentionThe PCP I had when I was first sick is an idiot, so I switched back to my old doctor (I only left her care because of a move- turns out she is well worth an hour drive). She has taken what I'm going through very seriously &amp; done what she can (which as we all know, isn't much- but the tests she's ordered have been reassuring).

Today she wrote me this:

*There is an inflammatory or auto immune part to this disease. It comes in waves as you described and is triggered by activity. We have no idea as of yet how to treat this. I will keep my ears to the ground and hopefully we will get some answers or suggestions soon.*

Doctors like her &amp; patients like us who keep track of symptoms &amp; speak up will find a way through this and help future patients through.

Hang in there everyone!

*15 weeks &amp; still going* All symptoms are gone except my heart rate is crazy high, it goes from 80 to 130 doing the slightest activity. According to the cardiologist there is nothing wrong so what is this??I've been sick for 7 weeks and can report that I feel completely normal now. However my HR is crazy elevated. It goes from 80 to 130 in just a couple of second when I do the slightest activity. Been in the hospital and ECG is normal, bloodwork is normal and ultrasound is normal. Cardiologist says there is nothing wrong with my heart.

I can't remember the last time My heart rate was this elevated. And it hasn't slowed down at all. Going back to workI went back to work about two weeks ago and everything is fine but I still have a weird ache on the left side of my upper back and I still get dizzy at times and my ribs still feel like the burn at times but I have to say my heart rate has calmed down which was my biggest concern! I still feel it flutter but it’s getting better. Staying hydrated and taking my vitamins!!! How has it been for others who went back to work? Ive had covid for 3 weeks nearly now about 20 days and im starting to feel a little betterIs my immune system run down and will that mean i can get covid again if i am exposed to a high viral load from someone else? Gaslighting myself?29F here, no previous health conditions, generally fit.
I had fever of 37.6-37.9 for 2 days at the end of March, then sometimes slightly high temperature (~37.2).
The symptoms I’ve had but they are gone now:
- some productive coughing 
- diarrhoea + super gassy + lots of burping
- feeling like there’s a lump in my throat
- upper back/neck pain (Very bad!)
- Intense muscle/joint pains 
- fatigue
- fits of “feeling weird” (dizzy and all over off) followed by intense shaking 
- palpitations 
- chest pressure and some chest pains (needles-like)
- awful cold sores (first time in many years)
- feeling heat in my face
- pain in lymph nodes (on my neck)
- some weird pain in my veins on both wrists 
- Slightly scratchy throat 
- Unusual thirst 

The symptoms I still have:

- shortness of breath: it comes and goes in waves. At some point it was present for days, then for several hours, now it’s mostly gone. It’s not like I’m gasping for air, it just feels like every breath I take doesn’t give as much oxygen as it normally would. 
- post-nasal drip
- GI issues - unusually gassy + a lot of burping
- Slightly declined vision 
- Tachycardia several times a day

I never got tested (“your fever isn’t high enough, you’re too young, it doesn’t sound like you have shortness of breath”, duh), but a GP told me I was presumed positive. 
At some point the only 2 people who knew about this situation decided it was “just anxiety” (something I’ve never had before). The first one is my friend who didn’t take too much time to read about this disease in depth, thinking “you can’t have it for that long” and “you don’t even have cough anymore, you’re not sick”.

The second one (unfortunately) is my husband, who tries his best to be supportive, but is slowly losing his patience with me and apparently also thinks that I can’t be sick for so long and it’s probably “just in my head”. He was never symptomatic.

Now that almost all symptoms are gone, a part of me is starting to think that maybe they are right? Maybe I somehow have such a bad anxiety that it caused the symptoms? The other part of me is sure that at least half of these symptoms are impossible to make up.. Additionally, I don’t feel I actually have anxiety: I’m mostly calm, not worried...At this point maybe a little depressed. 

It feels like I’m gaslighting myself. Is it even a thing? Has anyone here felt this way? How do I know I’m actually..well.. sane?
I was considering a antibody test, but I know that they’re highly inaccurate and a lot of “long-termers” have somehow tested negative for them. Has anyone figured out anything about the whole not breathing issue while you sleep?A week ago I woke up in the middle of the night, like I hadn't been breathing. I had to almost manually take the first breath, and I had a headache for a few minutes. It happened again last night 4 times. I managed to put my oximeter on after one of the episodes, and my O2 was 94 and went back to 100 in a few seconds. Now, it took like 15 seconds to get the thing on, and register a reading, so wtf was it before that? 

I read on here that a few people also experienced this. 

It's like I magically got sleep apena out of nowhere. 30 y/o male, no major health issues before this. I ate a lot of carbs yesterday, so I'm hoping that if I reduce my carbohydrate intake it'll go away. I've been carb cycling (high carbs day, 1 day, low carbs the next day) since this happened to drop fat but maintain some semblance of muscle mass, since I have not had a real workout in almost 3 months. I can't remember if I ate a lot of carbs on the previous days this happened. I'll report back. how longhow long does the shortness of breath usually last? Anyone feel like there respiratory system is barely functioning?I might sound insane but i constantly feel like my lungs are barely functioning even though im breathing relatively fine. It feels like 1 wrong step and they'll stop working completely such as running or getting up 2 fast can completely eradicate them

This feeling was more prominent during the start of my journey and my condition has definitely improved.

I can breath better however shortness of breath still exists.

However, my appetite is back, i can smell some things (i cant taste tho) so im gradually getting better


Im glad :) stay safe and healthy yall Week 11 Ibuprofen still bad? headache questions?I am at or approaching week 11. I have had flare ups here and there.  I take my vitamins and eat healthy.  This week I started to have a flare up.  I cut out some anxiety medication (Ativan) last week as my resting heart rate was back down to 60. And the doc doesn't want me on it. it was in the 80s and 90s at one point.. so over the past few days it has gone up to 64. My sleep has declined.. also I have had a pounding migraine going on three days although not bad right this second.  The Tylenol wasn't really doing shit so the past few days I popped some ibuprofen which works better for headaches for me.  There is conflicting information about ibuprofen and covid.. I stayed away from it early on but being on week 11, does it really matter at this point? I don't want to contribute to feeling shitty by taking it. Maybe my brain and heart are having delayed inflammation reactions.. my heart rate has just been wild.  Head aches haven been horrible but these last few days I've woken up with the melon pounding. Wtf. 37m fairly healthy 210lbs 6ft European, Lebanese, and cypriot (Greek) descent Read now! Long termersThis was posted on an FB groups 

French are using #apresj20 #apresj60 to tweet their long term coronavirus stories. 

A woman in France has just tweeted her experience of having an in-depth consultation (1h15m!) at a hospital that is investigating long-term cases. The hospital has been overwhelmed with calls from similar cases, and is seeing a lot of people with diverse symptoms whose examinations have come back normal or almost normal, with tachycardia common. The medics are keeping an open mind, but these are their hypotheses:
- the virus is no longer active. Some viruses stay active in the body (e.g. herpes), but no known coronavirus has remained active. For those who have been ill a long time it's not a reactivation of the virus, even though they can detect dead cells
- Some of the symptoms are micro-lesions caused by a strong immune reaction which has caused damage while secreting autoimmune antibodies that are attacking our bodies. These micro-lesions aren't detected in examinations but would be seen under a microscope during an autopsy. These lesions are reversible. Medics are more concerned about people whose lesions are detected in examinations. The autoimmune reaction can affect anywhere in the body where the virus is detected, and the affinity with ACE receptors (which are found throughout the body) explains the multitude and diversity of symptoms. 
- After the immune response there is a state of inflammation that can last a long time. This woman's blood tests indicate she is only getting past this at Day 77. This inflammation can be seen in diverse ways in blood tests, and can affect anywhere in the body, causing pain, thickening of blood, etc, on top of the lesions caused by the immune storm.
- After those phases, there is a post viral stage. With other viruses this happens to a small percentage of cases, but with covid it affects a lot more people. This is because the fight has used up a lot of the body's resources, so fatigue is normal. Some shortness of breath could also be on account of this, even without lung problems. We're asking too much effort from our bodies so it shows signs of fighting (shortness of breath, tachycardia, pain). As if you tried to move a heavy piece of furniture normally, except the threshold is much lower. This phase can last several months but should reduce. The medics think that the majority of people shouldn't get chronic fatigue syndrome (he was using Dengue fever and glandular fever as a basis for this assumption)
- There is a risk that the body being weakened could give rise to other things, e.g. other inflammatory issues that were latent but previously indiscernable, but further research is required to understand this. If you have latent viruses from previous illnesses (e.g. herpes, glandular fever, Dengue fever, shingles, chicken pox) you could get symptoms reappearing, but this would be picked up in blood tests.
- His advice was to go at your own pace. Walk, use an exercise bike with no resistance and stop as soon as you are tired or out of breath. Really listen to your body and don't push your limits. Rest, avoid stress, eat well to build up your reserves. Be patient, and look after yourself
- Antibody tests aren't sufficiently reliable (90%), but it's a question of the proteins targeted. If your body hasn't used that protein to fight the virus it won't be detected in tests
- She had 12 blood samples taken for further analysis and to check for other inflammatory illnesses and to study in depth her immune response. She goes back next week for the results Has any long term sufferer tested positive for antibodies (IgG) in the end?If no, my assumption is that our bodies just don’t make antibodies, that’s why we are in for the long haul... On my 12th week and I finally feel near normal. Long term sufferers— it WILL eventually endI’m cautiously optimistic posting this , bc this thing has a way of improving then coming back with a vengeance. However, I wanted to post rather than disappear off this forum so that all us long timers can see some light at the end of the tunnel. 

Im a previously healthy and active 30/M, and I have had a rough ride with this virus. I initially started feeling ill around March 11th. My symptoms developed from a burning sensation in my lungs to a mild cough, to shortness of breath, random tachycardia, vertigo, headaches, change in smell/taste, GI symptoms, and then it turned to SEVERE chest pain at times radiating to left arm, which landed me in the ED twice. My pulse ox dropped to low 90s at the lowest, but I was very out of breath even walking or talking. 

It has been incredibly difficult and disheartening at times, and as more and more lab tests, EKGs and CT scans came back negative, you start to worry that this is going to be your new normal. Even my IgG antibody came back negative. 

However I’m here to tell you that IT DOES GET BETTER, even for us long term sufferers. I first started feeling better on day 77, 11 full weeks after this started, and frankly after I had resigned myself to long term residual symptoms. It’s now day 79 and I only have very minimal chest soreness remaining. 

Hang in there, this thing WILL go away What is with this OBSESSION to say it's something else?Now, dealing with a probable Corona infection is bad enough. The symptoms seem to vary to a huge degree for some people and everyone has to fend for themselves. But what I find most unbearable is this constant questioning and doubt I find myself exposed to whenever interacting with another human being.

"Did you get tested?" "This doesnt sound like COVID" "A few years ago I had..."

Then comes the advice.

"I think you should talk to another doctor" "Anxiety meds have really helped me when I feel like that" "This isn't normal, there might be something really wrong with you"

The amount of energy people put into conjuring up stories that fit into their worthless frame of perception is exhausting. It honestly feel other people are the single most painfull aspect about this experience.

Here's some advice for those know-it-alls:

* This virus spreads more easily than almost any other sickness. If you just theorize you got it, chances are good that you do. It is more likely then a flu, to a ridiculous degree, so I don't know why you have to go out of your way to tell each and every patient they got a flu. Logarythmic thinking is hard, we know.
* Antibody tests seem to be questionable. We have proof that not everyone makes antibodies. Many people, like myself, were refused other tests when they were needed. Noone needs a test result for you to approve of their condition.
* Even doctors themselves aren't safe from contracting it and from these very doctors we know first hand that the symptoms are way more complex then the media and government like to pretend to keep the story simple. I know it feels good at night to buy into a simple narrative, but your personal laziness gives you no right to judge people who don't fit into it.
* Thankfully we have a lot of doctors who take this very seriously. But in reality there are also a lot of doctors who dont care to keep themselves informed, who lack access to proper information and who are generally overwhelmed by the chaos. Most Corona cases in my personal space were treated with antibiotics and hospitals still pump oxygen into dysfunctional lungs. So even if it comes from a doctors, as far as COVID19 is concerned, it can and should be questioned.
* If someone who knows their own body very well tells you there is something really unusual going on, shut up and listen. Your personal experiences are of no concern to anyone, every human works differently.
* Noone is talking about how unwell they feel for attention. Noone is trying to say "I think I'm going to die", which seems to be the first association. There is no reason to go out of your way to try and "expose" people who are just hypochondriacs with a virus that you can contract by sitting next to the wrong person for a few seconds.
* A large amount of people will have and had the virus without even knowing. I know of probable cases as early as November. Stop confusing media hype with reality. The virus was sneaking around way earlier then you read and as such there are way more infections then you assume.
* Nothing about this virus is simple or easy. Our best scientists and doctors openly admit they don't understand how this disease works in detail, so what makes you think you're so clever?

And because that's so much to say, I have opted not to talk to anyone anymore until I'm symptom free. It's just pointless. And as my personal doctor is supportive, but clueless, I get my medical treatment from reddit and youtube now. Welcome to 2020. I feel like theres something on my heart...? Or chest?I feel like theres a hand on the left side of my chest, oe my heart is holding something. Its annoying. Feels like my shirt is stuck to my shirt or some shit.

These symptoms were a whole lot worse 5 weeks back but now they aren't as bad and sometimes im completely fine but i lose my breath and feel dizzy all of a sudden? I sit down and go back to being fine?

This is nothing compared to the start of my corona journey tho. At that point i wasnt even sure if i was gonna get out alive or not.

SO HAVE SOME HOPE PEOPLE. YOU'RE ALL STRONG AS FUCK. WE CAN GET THROUGH THIS. Week 11-12, skin lesions?Hey guys, my recovery from COVID-19 is going slow but steady. I improved with breathing during the last two months, (mild SOB, tingling in the lungs, mild dry cough, and tingling sinuses) as well as with digestive symptoms, (no explosive and liquid D, though not back to normal yet, no constant rumbling intense..). However, I still struggle with residual loss of appetite and nausea that come and go. Fast heart rate also normalised after two months of palpitations. CBC is fine, EKG and ultrasound of the heart is normal, x-ray is clear. However, I started to have some skin problems that I did not have earlier in the illness, i.e. it started with a rash on my arm which cleared up in 3 days, then burning under the skin, particularly in the arms, chest, neck, head, legs, fingers and toes. It feels like the heat is radiating from the inside and smth is crawling inside the skin. My legs are burning inside and I see light purplish discolouration inside the skin of my upper legs, which lool like tears. I feel like my legs are sunburned. it is literally burning. I also noticed that my veins and blood vessels are more visible on the skin and smb has pumped air inside them, and they feel heavy. Does any of you feel this skin burning and liaisons? Oh yes, I also noticed that there are spots which look like freckles on different on my legs, like yellow freckles which I did not have before. Can this be from post-viral inflammation? I am desperate to get better but every time this bitch brings me new surprises. can this happen?so i went to the emergency from shortness of breath and a slight cough today, i had a covid test done this morning too, when i went to the emergency i wasn’t expecting the drs to say it sounds like covid, they prescribed me z pack, and an inhaler and told me to wait for the results. should i be worried? was that them basically confirming i have covid? my chest x ray looked good, i didn’t have a fever when i went, they said my blood test showed then my white blood cell count was a little high. i’m scared because i’m overweight, and have high blood pressure and high cholesterol, but i’m also 20 so idk. should i be worried? Its day 18 and the virus cycle has changes in the last 4 days .So i feel extremely ill in the morning but it clears up mid day (2pm) where i feel alot better until about 5-6pm where i start to feel very ill again but not as bad as the morning wave , and that lasts until i go to sleep.

Has anyone experienced this? Here’s what helped me to beat Corona![removed] My COVID Experience this farStarted with body aches late Sunday night and chills while sleeping. Started getting a fever and a headache, which progressed to a 102 fever by Monday night. Felt better Tuesday morning, but fever was still hovering around 100, but then spiked to 103 as the evening wore on. Woke up last night to pee and fainted halfway through. Finally reached out to a doctor today and was told I am presumed to have Covid. However, fever is doing much better today- in the 98 range this morning, but has now gone up to 101.5. I think it is progressively getting better, but I sure do have brain fog right now. Has anyone tested negative for antibodies (IgG) only to test positive later on?Just wondering the odds of this. I know the tests aren't the best.

I tested negative at Quest for IgG antibodies on Day 43.

This was shocking to me at the time. But I ended up having a relapse in symptoms around Day 50, which lasted about a week.

On Day 77 now with lingering chest pain my remaining concern. The rest is probably 85-90% better.

I am planning to get retested as I seemingly wasn't over the disease when I went on Day 43 (if this is indeed COVID), so possibly I didn't have antibodies yet? Anxiety and covid 19If you are struggling with covid-19, the best thing to do is to stop thinking about it. I would ruminate and go on reddit, read news, worry of the chest tightness was about to kill me. However, I'm seeing the most improvement by meditating, going on walks, and focusing on work. This whole situation is scary but most people recover and if you are young, you have very little to worry about. It might take months to recover to like you were before, and that's normal of pneumonia. If you make it past 4 weeks and improve every week you have no reason to worry about getting seriously ill or dying, you are going to be ok. I worried for 2 whole months after getting sick and I really think it just made my recovery slower. 

Main point: most of us are going to be ok. Anyone started off with only 1 symptom for a week and then it hit them?For a week, i only had shortness of breath and then out of nowhere, it hit me. Chills, coldness, tingling, loss of smell and taste, but it happened a week later.

For a week i only had shortness of breath

Any1 share a similar story? I had alot of a sugary cake last night as i was feeling better it was a terrible ideaI know sugar can somehow make it worse but today after eating alot of a sugary cake i feel like 100x worse as if im back in the peak again.

Its been about 17 days and i just want this to end . Dryness?My hands have been dry as hell, and i've had a lot of dandruff. Any1 have the same thing? Getting bad, week 5.Not sure if I want to post this or not.  Seem to have gbs.  Very bad case of post viral fatigue.  Don’t think I’m going to make it.  It’s s horrible feeling.  

I go to er, tell them I’m starting to get paralyzed.  They don’t believe me.  Send me home, follow up with pcp.  I don’t have a pcp.  Have apt today.  No way they will help me.  Everyday I get a little more paralyzed.  It’s in my face, tongue, stomach, legs and esp arms and hands.  

Everyday I have to wait in this god forsaken room.  I have to ask myself, am I clearly in distress yet?  It’s closed my Throat a bit, is that enough?

It’s in my chest now, it’ll be in my lungs soon.  It might be alreadynits hard to say.

I still don’t have a neurologist appointment.  By the end of the week I won’t be able to walk.  Will that be enough er doctors?  I went in, I think they have me pegged as an anxiety case.  I’m doomed.

I wonder how bad it’ll have to get before I get help.  If I get on a vent, which is very common with gbs, I won’t survive.  My post viral fatigue is so bad I can barely walk to the bathroom, much less get vented.  And I’ll prob get vented because nobody will help me.  I’m dying, and nobody can help me.  Well they could but hey won’t.

I’ve literally thought about flying to Mayo Clinic, that’s how desperate I am.  I’ve also thought about just ending it, but I’m too scared and want to live.

I wish I hadn’t gone down this dark road.  Why will doctors not help people, what is wrong with them. Post viral recovery + inflammation**What is everyone here doing for lingering chest pain and inflammation?**

**Also, is anybody getting feedback from their doctors on this?**

I am on Day 76.

Seemingly 90% over the fever, fatigue, cough, etc *(fingers crossed)*.

However, still enduring a good amount of chest pain, and what seems like bronchospasm. I have read about post viral bronchial hyperreactivity and wondering if that's happening.

I am doing an anti inflammatory stack per my function medicine doctor:

* Turmuric/curcumin
* Arnica montana tablets
* Quercetin
* NAC

My doctors just keep telling me "give it time", which may be correct.... but wanted to get everyone's comments on what they're also hearing, and what they're also *doing* \- if having similar issues.

Adding: chest x ray was normal, and bloodwork (CBC) was normal.

Thanks! When do blood clots/DVT usually happen?I'm on Day 69 of symptoms and the latest is really uncomfortable cramping in my left leg, mostly in the calf but also the Achilles area and below the knee. It started about a week ago. I don't notice swelling or hot/cold skin anywhere in the area. I have been trying to go out for short walks lately so it could just be my body reacting to being somewhat active again.

Early on I had really bad leg soreness but that mostly went away once the shortness of breath and persistent cough came along. This new feeling is different though. Are people developing clots 2 months after initial onset of symptoms? I couldn't get a diagnostic test until late-April and my result was negative, as I assumed it would be considering I already had symptoms for about 5 weeks at that point. I'm showing some symptoms and I'm scaredMy mother is a veterinarian and She tells me i might have covid19 because i have dry cough, throat sore like I've never drunk water but i have no fever. For now.
Also mom has asthma and she goes out more than i do although she doesn't show any symptoms.

I'm not afraid of getting sick I'm afraid of my mother getting sick so should i quarantine myself for a while?
Please help i don't want anyone to get sick because of me :( Second week of symptoms, second day since positive preliminary resultsTwo weeks ago I got a double ear infection that just has not gone away. It was super weird because I haven’t gotten ear infections since I was 19 (I’m 25). I went to two urgent care clinics in a week and a half because the antibiotics just weren’t working. The whole time I have had ear pain and throat pain and I can’t really taste things, on top of a nagging dry cough, muscle aches, nausea (tums and pepto aren’t even helping the nausea and acid in my throat), fatigue, and a low grade fever. I went to the emergency department on Sunday where, after testing, the rapid test came back positive so it was sent for further testing to be certain I have covid-19. My lung ct and xrays also showed I have a spot of pneumonia in my right lung. In the emergency room the medical staff was in full PPE and my room had biohazard and droplet warning signs on the entrance. I felt so bad when the nurse was doing the nasal swab and I kept coughing and gagging because of it. She was wearing a face shield and gowns and was completely covered but I still felt like I was going to get her sick and I kept apologizing and she was reassuring me that I was okay and she would be okay but I still felt so bad :( and seeing how the drs were around me freaked me out. They would stand near the door unless they needed to come near me to examine me, which they would ask me to hold my breath/minimally breathe if they had to get that close to me. I was given a ton of medication prescriptions for supportive care and I am under mandatory quarantine and I was reported to the health department. I am still waiting on the official results (I live in New York so you can imagine) but the doctor is certain I have it. 

It’s so...strange to think I have it. It feels surreal. I never thought I would become a statistic during this. I am getting more and more sick everyday and I don’t know what I’m going to do. I have heart problems and I was seriously ill in September/October from influenza that turned into double pneumonia and resulted in a lengthy hospital stay with me on oxygen. If that almost killed me and it was basic bacterial pneumonia, I feel there is no way I’m going to fare well against this.

Thank you all for reading my venting. I hope everyone is doing well. Immunity/contagious with lingering symptom?Hi everyone, I just want to start by saying I was NOT tested due to when I was sick, loss of smell/taste was not considered a symptom and my area would not test me. I started with a “presumed” case of Covid19 in April, the Thursday after Easter Sunday. I got it from my father, who also had all similar symptoms. Since “recovering” I have gained (almost) my sense of smell/taste back completely - I would say I’m at 80%, 90% on a good day. I would say that I’m 100%, but there’s something missing when I smell/taste things. It’s a weird phenomenon and difficult to explain, and sometimes I get strange nasal sensation. My question is this: does anyone know if there is any correlation with how long immunity lasts after symptoms are cleared? Would my loss of smell/taste not being 100% be considered a lingering symptom? Would I also be considered no longer contagious? Would love to get a test, but I don’t think at this stage I could get one. It’s been over a month since initial symptoms. 
I wish I could’ve been tested. With my college reopening (possibly) next month, I would love to know for certain i’m confirmed positive. i’m at this stage of not knowing what to do or if I can be around people or if I even had it!
26/F/O+
Symptoms were mild:
Shortness of breath
Chest pressure
Cough
Loss of smell/taste
Diarrhea
Loss of appetite 
1 day of fever, chills, body aches
8 days of delirium &amp; body “vibrations.”

Anyone else going through the same thing? Can hear my own heartbeats loudly in my ears, pulsative tinnitus?Just wondering if someone else is having this symptom. It came rather late in the illness. I'm 6 weeks in and this started happening a couple of days ago although I've had pain my ears and felt a strange pressure with ringing sounds now and then.

So basically I can hear my own heartbeats in my ears and it's LOUD. Feels like something is pulsating in my whole head. Never had this before. When I put pressure on my ears it stops. When I release I can hear it again loudly and clearly.

 It's really messing with my sleep and I can't relax.

If anyone here has it, what have you done to make it go away? Pollen allergy more severe now than before CoronaI'm 6 weeks in and I feel fairly normal, just more tired etc. However I've noticed that my pollen allergy is much more severe than before I got sick. I had very mild symptoms before, but now I have watery eyes and runny nose, my nose itch like crazy, I have phlehm in my throat (didn't even have this when I was sick) etc.

Have you also noticed increased allergy symptoms after your Corona infection? Depression and nonchalance in a COVID-19 person. Is it normal?It seems like I have no energy to do anything anymore. Like, no motivation or drive. I go to my online meetings for my awesome dream job, I do my work for class (college student), but other than that I’m just hella tired and depressed. I no longer wanna do fun stuff. I don’t wanna watch TV or such. I just wanna sit in bed and cry for some reason. I just am burnt out. I have a class project to finish but I’m too tired to do anything. I’m waiting for the hospital to call me back for my swab and antibody test appointment tomorrow. My partner was trying to talk nicely to me and be cutesy and affectionate (verbally) and I was having none of it. I was so burnt out and tired I don’t want to feel anything anymore. Sometimes I just wanna spend the entire day asleep.

I have diagnosed depression and I’m on Lexapro + therapy (have been for one year) and my progress was immense. I’m just tired. Very very very tired. And emotionally drained.

Does any other COVID-19 positive person feel this way, like they’re emotionally burnt out and depressed/sad/emotionless? Anyone visit an Infectious Disease Dr.?Wondering if anyone has visited an Infectious Disease Doctor. If so, did you find it helpful, and what were your symptoms? I'm mostly experiencing Neuro stuff now, and am most curious about how an ID Dr. could possibly treat that.

&amp;#x200B;

I am trying to get referred to an ID, but my PCP says it probably won't do me any good, due to there being no real treatment protocol. My PCP is probably right. But wondering what others' experience might be. I have a temperature of 105?I went to the dentist today for an appointment. I waited for 20 minutes inside wearing a face mask, when they called me up they took my forehead temperature and said I had a temperature of 104.5, I asked if they could check again and they said it was now 105. 

Should I be worried? 

What should I do? 

I don’t feel sick?

My dad has heart disease and I want to make sure that me and him are safe so any help would be much appreciated. How long on average it takes to recover?I'm on my day 5, symptoms haven't worsened but I still have my fever which doesn't seems to be going, how long will it be until I recover if going by the average? Can i have coffee with CoronaVirus?
Just asking as im not sure what makes it worse and what makes it better from a drug standpoint.

I know ibuprofen and dxm make it worse and possibly dph as its a immune suppressant I believe but not sure about coffee.

Also is dph a immune suppressant because i know its used for allergies so probably suppresses the immune system if im gonna think about it logically.

15/16 days into coronavirus and i feel like im starting to recover abit but not sure because i keep on having bad and good days , as i feel like im slowly recovering i dont wanna jeopardise it by taking coffee or something which would make it worse Vision IssueWeek 12, since week 6/7 I have developed a vision issue like everything has gone a bit dim(no blurred vision)? It is more noticeable at night as it is harder to see due to lower light. Has anyone experienced the same? would it improve over time or it will be the permanent damage? thanks Cognitive decline, I mix up dates and forget wordsHas someone here noticed cognitive decline? Some of the neurological symptoms I've been having 6 weeks from symptom onset is that I mix up dates and forget certain words. As someone who is an engineer this scares the shit out of me because my cognitive abilities are important for my work How long does GI symptoms last?I was sick with covid in mid March. I’ve been better for over a month now but I still have upset stomach, stomach aches, and feel a bit nauseated after eating. I never did have diarrhea. 

For those of you who are better, how long did it take for GI symptoms to resolve? Thx allThx all for the updates !    Having some of the same symptoms —really helps me understand. where I am. Longterm elevated temps in children??Has anyone heard of children having elevated temps for weeks after having been possibly sick with covid? Early 30s healthy female sick for 2+ months. Currently weighing options for persistent sinus symptoms. Bacterial or Viral Sinusitis? Or Post-Viral Syndrome? Anyone else been here?Hi sweet friends, I come to you after two months of sickness, two urgent care visits, two hospital visits, and, oh my stars, so many ups and downs.  I am an otherwise healthy, active early thirties female on a plant-based diet with no pre-existing conditions, was going to the gym every other day before all this.  Can't count the number of times in the last two months that I felt I might not survive this thing.  
My primary care doctor basically would not see me ("If the DOCTORS get sick, they can't help you") and was dismissive of the possibility of my having Covid.  I consulted with a second physician remotely whose assessment was Covid, possibly followed by post-viral sinusitis.  My wild grab bag of symptoms has included: shortness of breath, heaviness in the lungs/chest, headache, lightheadedness/weakness/near-fainting, feeling dry/thirsty, sore throat, shaking, chills, fever, diarrhea.  Everything but the cough, and the kitchen sink.  Despite being almost excessively hydrated, I also experienced a brief period of UTI symptoms with unusually yellow urine, accompanied by severe leg pain and muscle weakness, which prompted ER docs to check for clots (none detected) and my consulting physician to suggest testing for rhabdomyolysis, but by the time I got labs, it had mostly resolved itself, and testing did not show signs of rhabdo.  

I received my first Covid test (nasal swab) just a week after the onset of symptoms, and the test returned negative.  I was negative for flu and strep as well.  First hospital visit, about a week later, I arrived shaking and struggling to breathe.  They acknowledged I had shortness of breath but could not explain it.  I was tachycardic, my temperature fluctuated from normal to 100 while there and my potassium was slightly low.  Bloodwork, EKG, and X-rays appeared fine, so they gave me potassium and sent me home.  Diagnosis: Dispnea, Hypokalemia.

...  
Second hospital visit, about three weeks later, again came shaking and struggling to breathe.  They repeated bloodwork, EKG, and X-rays, in addition to a second Covid test.  They wouldn't perform a CT scan of my lungs, as they felt the radiation exposure was not worth the risk.  I had a normal temp but couldn't stop shaking and felt cold with two blankets on.  They felt all the tests looked fine, did not know what to tell me, (except hinting at anxiety having something to do with this, nice!) and sent me home.  Diagnosis: Near syncope.  My second Covid test came back negative as well.  It goes without saying, like so many of you, I've felt confounded and gaslighted and powerless beyond description so many times in this process.  I have not been able to get an antibody test as I continue to have symptoms, but I look forward to some kind of proof that I've endured this.  


Ultimately, I have muscled through this trashfire, and currently I'm doing much better overall, but have been coping with pronounced sinus symptoms for a month - nasal congestion with facial pressure, which seems to be a moving target - moved to my throat, leading to a "lump" feeling, followed by post-nasal drip, sore throat, excessive saliva production, then spread to the ears, which briefly caused dizziness, and now, back to the nose and face with a general feeling of fogginess.  


Urgent Care has now prescribed a course of antibiotics with an oral steroid - 10 days of Augmentin (Amoxycilin + Clavulanate) with 10mg of Prednisone for 4 days.  This was based on a quick conversation and a peek in the nose/ears, no imaging or testing, and they are not approaching this as being in the context of Covid recovery.  
Consulting doc is "not thrilled about the Prednisone" but concedes that this a fairly benign dosage/duration, and does recommend taking both the 'roid and the antibiotic if I am gonna do this.  
I can't help but wonder if my sinus symptoms are a part of a post-viral syndrome, which would make more sense than a post-Covid bacterial sinus infection, in which case, I wonder if antibiotics and steroids would do more harm than good.  
Has anyone had a similar experience or taken these drugs post-Covid?   Does it seem worth the risks? Anyone else got this sharp stabby pins/glass shards type lung pain when breathing in?It feels like sharp stabs in random places in my lungs when I breathe in sometimes stopping me in my tracks, most frequently it’s towards the back and lower parts of my lungs. 

It’s been 76 days and this pain has been there the entire time even as other symptoms came and went. Almost everything else has resolved except this. Anyone else got this? Anyone had it and it resolved? Where to get Antibody Tests?I caught covid back at the end of march, took about 7 weeks to recover. My parents were the only ones who came into my room, but now that my state is completely reopened and nobody is wearing a mask anymore, I want to know if my parents have the antibodies and will be safe when grocery shopping. I’m turning 16 in less than a month, my hope is that worst case scenario I’ll donate my antibodies to them. 

That brings me to my question- where can you get an antibody test and how? I’m not concerned about getting one for myself- I know I had it and I must have the antibodies, but my parents do everything for the family and I want to know if they’re going to be safe now that the state is open. Should I do Endoscopy if I suspect Covid?So i was sick from mid-Feb until the first week of April with covid like symptoms (was diagnosed with upper respiratory disease back when people couldn’t get tested). I tested negative April 16th. Mind you I had a Flu shot this year and my chest x ray showed no pneumonia. Well a few days ago I just recently started getting low grade fevers and stomach pains/loss of appetite again. My xray only showed that I was constipated and the doctors keep saying i have gastritis. I just took another covid test today and am waiting for the results. My stomach is in pain and I wanted to do an endoscopy this week. Do I have to wait to get another negative covid test or just go straight for the endoscopy? Should I do endoscopy even if I suspect covidIve been sick from mid-February to first week of April with covid-like symptoms. Back in March before testing was widely available, I went to the ER to get a chest x-ray. I had no pneumonia or Bronchitis and I even got a Flu shot that year so it most likely wasnt the Flu. On April 16th my covid test came back negative to my surprise. I was fine for the rest of April and majority of May but now my loss of appetite and low grade fever have come back. No idea if its covid but I just took another covid test today and the results will be back in a few days. So my question is, wouldn’t it be smart to do an endoscopy this week as to prevent any serious stomach issues? Or is it bad to have surgery when I’m feeling a bit sick? Thanks Dark skinned people need to take Vitamin D, or sunbathe, preferably both[removed] To those presumed positive by a Dr or themselvesPresumed positive does not guarantee you are positive.  There are other viruses that cause most of these symptoms (disregard if you have loss of smell/taste, that one seems unique).  I know a lot of us would rather it be COVID 19 if we’ve been feeling really sick, as it then rules it out and allows us to (pun intended) breathe a little better.  Unfortunately, it just may not the case.  Below is our experience.

18 days ago my husband and his mother came down with a dry cough and fever.  Both were tested within a week and came back negative.  Around day 5 he felt better and we went on a slow 1 mile walk.  By the end of the walk he was drenched in sweat.  By the end of the night he was coughing so hard he was vomiting.

My husband continued to get worse and eventually developed shortness of breath/low o2 per the oximeter, tightness in chest, fever as high as 104, chills, headache, low appetite, fatigue.  Around day 10 he went to urgent care and got a chest x-ray.  He showed bronchial swelling and they said they could hear fluid in his “bad lung” (he has a congenital lung condition).  They said he was presumed positive, and has developed pneumonia - go home and quarantine.

Day 12 he was tested again - negative

Days 10-15 progressively worse to the point where he can no longer walk to the adjacent bathroom without gasping for breath.  Day 16-18 he is a *little* better

Day 18 he wakes after spending a night with his o2 reading low again and goes right to the ED.  He spent all day with them running tests, including another nasal covid test (negative again) and a chest CT.  The chest ct also **shows no signs of COVID19**.  He does not have it, it seems he has viral pneumonia.

We are frustrated and a little nervous as the last thing he needs is to risk catching this while compromised by existing pneumonia.  We were really hoping he was positive so we wouldn’t need to worry anymore (especially since he is seemingly getting better). 2 Studies have been launched for lingering symptomsM 22
DAY 70
FRANCE

I am not going to tell you what I went through these last 2 months because I think we all get this thing really SUCKS for long-termers.

I juste wanted to tell you that 2 studies have been launched this week in my country.
The first study will try to understand why symptoms linger for some people. I have heard they’ve tried treatments for loss of smell and taste...

And the second one will try to understand why symptoms reappear in some people even weeks after first symptoms.

Apparently at least 5% of infected people are concerned with this long-term form of the disease and mostly women.

Hope things are also moving forward in the US for our cases. We’ve created a new # on Twitter in France and thanks to this, now media are covering our cases and some doctors are starting to pay attention to us. 

I think if we don’t speak for ourselves, nobody will ever care unfortunately.
Stay strong ! What causes confusion with corona virus?For the last 3 days ive been getting really bad confusion and i want to understand what is causing this and if anyone has had something similar.

Like I frequently forget the day it is even after ive checked my phone like 5 minutes before hand.

I just feel bad disorientation.

Im not sure if its the cough medicine which i take, but im having confusion now and I havent had cough medicine for like 12 hrs Thermometer questionFor those of you experiencing daily elevated temps (99.5-100.0), what type of thermometer are you using? I've been recording these temps daily for over 2 months now using a braun ear thermometer. Sometimes I feel feverish at 99.7 and other days I don't with the same temp. My doctor advised me to get an oral thermometer and the oral one is reading 98.0-98.9. Which one do I believe?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/gpp9ee) Sudden development of allergiesPink has talked about getting COVID along with her son. I saw a blurb recently online where she talked about her son developing sudden food allergies. I thought that was interesting as my daughter had suspected COVID and she has suddenly developed a severe allergy to our dog. She never had a problem before, now she has an asthma attack when they’re in the same room.

I’m wondering if this has happened to anyone else. Possible Flair ups[removed] Remdesivir study...hope for us longtermers??[removed] Increased heat aggravating recovery symptomsHello, I’ve had this since February 27th and am on the road to recovery but noticed with the hot weather my SOB has backslid a little. Anyone notice the summertime air making things a little more difficult during recovery? Trouble sleeping?It's the worst feeling ever. I can't sleep even though i'm so fucking tired and sleepy.

As soon as i go to sleep, i wake up gasping for air, and wake up coughing or some shit, essentially just wake up restless countless times just as i finally fall asleep.

It feels like im sinking in to my bed and slowly losing control of my body.

LIKE I WANT TO FUCKING SLEEP, IM SO TIRED. Symptom Timeline - 29F HealthyNOTE: I have not been tested but have chosen to presume positive and self-isolate instead.

I am a 29F, healthy, former athlete with no autoimmune issues other than having recently frozen my eggs and am coming off of a ton of hormones.

Figured someone could use a timeline of symptoms because I always find them helpful to read.

**Day 1** (May 14th) :

* Sore throat

\* Thought this was allergies so didn't even think twice that I might have been sick.

**Day 2:**

* Sore throat

\*Went to social distance visit and thought to myself, maybe I shouldn't be going anywhere?

**Day 3:**

* Sore throat
* Burning in chest

\*Thought the burning was due to some vigorous walking I had done but it didn't go away later on in the day

**Day 4:**

* Chest pressure
* Acid reflux + belching
* Dizziness (almost passed out in my kitchen)
* Cheeks felt hot
* LOTS of anxiety

**Day 5:**

* Chest burning (sternum)
* More acid reflux
* Hot in the face

**Day 6:** 

* Chest/lung tickle
* Low-grade fever by afternoon (99.1 and I'm normally 97.1)
* Massive headache (likely due to cutting out coffee)

**Day 7:**

* Chest/lung tickle
* Acid reflux

**Day 8:**

* Less chest weirdness
* Little bit of congestion in throat
* Low-grade afternoon fever
* Heat/red in cheeks

**Day 9:**

* Barely any chest pressure
* More congestion in throat - no phlegm but still post-nasal drip?
* Low-grade afternoon fever

**Day 10:**

* Heart rate is high - 88-98 BPM at resting
* Congestion still remains bottom of throat/top of chest
* Low-grade afternoon fever
* Insane cabin fever

**Day 11** (Today, May 24th)**:**

* Sore throat more pronounced
* Heart rate has normalized
* Low-grade afternoon fever
* Feel like my skin is on fire at chest and cheeks

Looking back, I may have had some issues earlier on but I can't be sure. I definitely had some peculiar GI troubles, chills, and tingling in my extremities.

There are a few things that have helped me through:

* Forcing myself to sleep on my chest and side
* Lots and lots of tea
* Intentional breathing exercises
* Laying off the bed head first to angle the phlegm back out of my mouth and coughing (read somewhere awhile ago they did this at nursing homes with some success)

Biggest thing is that I don't know what to expect next and it's driving me a little crazy. I feel this is all very mild so far and I keep thinking some shoe is going to drop. I've been self-isolating now for 10 days in my bedroom and there's not much to do other than stew on your thoughts forever.

Anywho, I'll keep updating along the way since I'm in this for the foreseeable future. When will I feel better - it’s been over 2 months![removed] Gastro CovidI had a light sniffle amd cough (barely anything to mention) a couple weeks ago. Went away and I assumed allergies. Then it came back, again light and I assumed allergies till last friday night. I got diarrhea. The next day my appetite was gone. I ended up puking because of not getting food in me. Diarrhea lasted until tuesday, it never got bad I started a brat diet right away. Drank watered down Gatorade and water and broth nibbled on what food I could. I was eating about 300 cals a day until wednesday when I was able to "eat" 500, the next day 600. Today I feel mostly hungry and have eaten over 1k, feels good. No fever ever. Felt dizzy, lightheaded, nausea once in awhile due to trying to eat. Anorexia sucks... got a sore throat wednesday, on one side. 

I got triage nurses saying it sounds like I have it. I'm feeling better though. So has anyone had an experience as mild? Or an experience like mine at all? I'm really worried I'm in the eye of the storm and will rapidly develop pneumonia... my anxiety has been going nutso.

I have been getting vitamin d in my backyard and taking vitamins. Taking care of my symptoms... Has anyone tested positive after 70+ days?[removed] Distancing and children.I'm not sure if this has been covered at all but I'm genuinely curious how people here are caring for infants and children while sick with c19?

I have 3 children and no one to help me watch them. My husband is a first responder and C19+. He was given a week to recover and return to work in isolation. I haven't been tested but I also exhibit symptoms: loss of smell entirely, cough, heavy chest. A doctor friend informed me that with my symptoms and my husband's diagnosis I am infected. It's been a couple weeks, I'm feeling better but still mildly symptomatic. When this all startedmy children were uncomfortable for 3 to 4 days, swollen lymph, restless sleep, runny nose, slight cough and sore throat. I'm not sure if they got c19 like we did, but I would presume that they did. The baby was restless but asymptomatic? 

My question is what are other parents who are self isolating at home with c19 doing? What are you doing to keep the kids safe and make sure they don't get c19? I feel stuck and I'm worried about my 1 year old who is all over me all of the time.

Thanks. Only one in household positive for antibodies.My parents both got sick in late January early Feb after one of their coworkers came back from a trip to China. All the symptoms for Covid-19 and almost had to take my mom to the ER. I was curious to see if we had it so I went and took the LabCorp Abbott antibody test last week. Surprisingly I came back positive for antibodies although I never showed symptoms. My mom went just the other day but hers came back negative. Any theories? Pollution and/or agriculture chemicalsDoes air quality affect recovery times for covid?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/gp3n0u) Anyone else have ALL the symptoms and still test negative?I heard the rate of false negative results for these tests are high (I had a nasal swab), is that true? 

I got tested on day 6 and the results were negative. I also read that sometimes if you get tested later the results can be negative due to how quick the virus sheds. Again, I don’t know the accuracy on that. Anyone getting intense nausea ? Day 69 Any1 experience a jiggly feeling in ur chest when u get up from a position of rest?I feel this jiggly feeling on the left side of my chest when i get up from my chest from the inside. What could it possibly be? Anyone else told to presume positive regardless of test results?I'm just wondering how common this is. I was slightly surprised when this was the advice the doctor gave me after I got tested yesterday. He gave me paperwork that says even if my test comes back negative, I should still assume that I'm infected and stay in isolation. Is this advice others were given also? Started feeling crappy 2 days ago24 y/o healthy male, I exercise regularly and eat relatively healthy. 

Felt like I was about to faint yesterday in the heat, cold sweat &amp; chills began. Muscle soreness for the past 3-5 days. Slight cough that I attributed to allergies. I am resting as much as possible &amp; isolating myself. Haven’t been taking any meds. 

I went to the ER last night due to the fatigue, nausea, cold sweat &amp; lightheadedness. Doctor said I should be fine, my vitals were normal but I am exhibiting viral infection symptoms. I declined the covid-19 test due to the discomfort that comes from a cotton swab poking my brain lol. Could be cold, flu, stomach bug or covid-19. Will update soon. I think I finally got over post viral fatigue after being unwell for months[removed] Anyone sick in March and have a cough return last week?I am asking because my 3yo son began having leg pain with some swelling. The next day I took him to the ER where they diagnosed post-viral transient synovitis. He developed a cough that same morning. No exposure to sick people, hasn’t been anywhere in months and no one else in our household is catching this. It sounds like the cough he had in March with presumed COVID, but without any of the other symptoms he had back then (GI symptoms, loss of appetite, runny nose, red watery eyes) 

Background: Passed through my house in March. 6yo daughter had GI pain and loss of appetite. A few days later I developed scratchy sore throat, very mild cough, moderate headache and moderate body ache. My symptoms resolved in 2 days. Days later 1yo daughter was sick but only noticeable symptoms were runny nose and maybe a mild cough. My 3yo son started having GI issues and loss of appetite that day. A few days later he had a runny nose and started coughing. Cough got worse over the course of the next two weeks (very unusual) before resolving after 16 days. A few days after he got sick our single indoor cat started showing viral symptoms. Brought cat to the emergency vet  a couple of days later when he was extremely lethargic and seemed to have difficulty breathing. Vet confirmed URI, low fever and some breathing difficulty. I explained our situation, they told me cats couldn’t get COVID 🙄 A few days later came the reports about the cat in Belgium and a week later the tigers in NYC tested positive. 
Everyone is better now, except my son. My husband was always asymptomatic. 

I had an antibody test done almost two weeks ago with Genalyte, apparently 99% accurate. I tested positive for IgM antibodies and negative for IgG antibodies. My son was tested for IgG in the ER a few days ago and his results were negative. 

I have been absolutely freaking out about MIS-C. I was worried even before my son developed the hip inflammation. I am having depression and anxiety. The return of his cough has sent me spiraling and I dread each day. I see everything reopening and am angry we weren’t one of the lucky ones who avoided it. 

I guess I am looking for any reassurance or comments would help me out. 
Thank you. I've been unwell for months but finally feeling great - some ideas for recovering from post-viral fatigue[removed] Have y'all had a low heart rate?Have y'all had a low heart rate like 58, 63, 60, and so on? An athlete experiencing mild symptoms, sent home by hospital doctor/ER for self quarantine. No COVID test needed yet. (Daily Updates)Age: 32 
Sex: Male
Status: Physically active (triathlete/runner/gym person) the last 5 years
Location: South East Asia

History:

Just 4 days ago, May 20, I went to the office just like any regular day and in the morning started to experience a runny nose. I dismissed this is as nothing significant because that office of ours was always dusty and you can feel it in your skin versus other same company offices that I have been to. I have rhinitis, so it always gets triggered there. The day ended and I went home. I started drinking OTC medicines to alleviate the colds. The following day I decided to take the whole day off from work because while my colds have lessened I started to feel some lightheadedness, heaviness in the chest, tingling sensations on my fingers/hands/feet, and an itchy/swollen throat. Again, did not suspect it as anything else aside from my usual viral infections. On the 3rd day, I didn’t experience my colds anymore but still a bit of the other symptoms. I decided to go to work since I felt that I could do my regular tasks anyways. It was late in the afternoon that I decided to text my uncle who’s a doctor and show him a log of my symptoms the past few days, he then recommended that I already visit the hospital to have myself checked and assessed for possible COVID19. After work, I headed straight to the nearest hospital and myself looked at in the ER. The doctor after chatting with me told me that she won’t require me to take a swab yet because my symptoms did not fit the criteria for testing, she instead asked me to take a CBC, xray, and ECG. The results of these tests all returned normal except for the ECG which showed arrythmic bradycardia — which was expected from me since in the last 2 to 3 annual physical exams, that was always a finding. The doctor decided that I should go on a 14 day self quarantine at home, she didn’t prescribe me any antibiotics but for now medicines to manage some of the symptoms. In my discharge form, the doctor noted URTI (Upper Respiratory Tract Infection) and COVID Suspect.

I went home feeling anxious, scared, and at the same time a  bit joyful that I did not take a covid test yet. Now I’m going through the motion of spending the next 2 weeks at home resting and recuperating; hoping for the best! I would most likely be skipping any form of strenuous exercise until the symptoms subside but I will do daily stretches to keep my body moving.

Daily Updates:

Day 1 — Sore throat has gotten better compared to yesterday as well as the duration/frequency/length of the heavy chest feeling although there are some felt palpitations from time to time maybe from anxiety or something else. There are tingling sensations around the fingers/hands and my feet. Ligtheadedness and headache persist. I still feel a bit week I feel to do any of the regular exercises that I do whether it’s running/biking/strength training but I don’t have any problems completing minor and regular tasks.

Day 2 — (To be updated tonight)

— I will update this daily in case it can help anyone who may be experience similar like symptoms —

I guess as much as you want to blame someone for possibly transmitting the coronavirus, if indeed I am positive, I couldn’t because there’s just too many factors and instances where I could have gotten it. I hope more and more people just realize that their actions directly affect others who they might have not considered. 

If anyone has questions, feel free to post a comment and I will respond as best and as fast as I can. 

Thanks everyone! Stay home and stay safe :) Im on day 14 now and yesterday( day 13 ) i started to feel alot worse.I keep getting really bad confusion,brain fog, body pains have got worse, my cough has become less productive, chest feels full of liquid, sore throat, bad Gi symptoms, i have other things but the main thing is I developed a chest infection on day 11 and ive been coughing out tinted yellow phlegm which is alot more stickier than normal and more slimy and thick. 

My half sister in her 30s who has asthma and had a chest infection from it said she started to recover by day 13 , while i just feel like its getting alot worse and i have no underlying health conditions and im 19. Chest congestion, unhealthy, wheezy cough 2 months after last symptoms?It’s been about two months since being sick with covid. I still have a very wheezy sounding cough that sounds hoarse. Definitely sounds like phlegm still in there. 

Does anyone still experience this? It could be allergies but my chest does not seem to be getting better. Week 11 blood oxygen dips andHi Reddit.

Id like your thoughts on this. I know most of us are not doctors but maybe we have similar stories.

A short overview:
It's week eleven for me now since I got sick in early march, untested until halfway May which ofc came back negative.
Had the whole list: Fever, problems catching breath, heavy burning lung feeling and fatigue up until halfway april and got stuck with an annoying high heartrate and nonstamina whatsoever. Cardiologist calls it "post viral symptoms" based on the story. Three doctors presume I was infected in March.

They checked my heart and lungs with a CT scan and they look fine, bloodwork came back clear at least five times already. Only low vitamin D, potassium was fine (checked bcs Reddit advice, thanks stranger.)

After spending a night in the ER in week 9, days later I relapsed like I have it all over again with a fresh symptom list. Cant make it for half a mile without chest tightness and heavy breathing plus a heartrate of over 130 for hours. 
I was a healthy 10.000 steps a day 30+ person up until february. Now I can barely help my wife do the entire dishes unless I sleep it off. 

The main question:
Since a week I randomly experience spo2 dips on the Pulse oximeter. Usually it's around 96-97 but it has often been on 95 and lower the past few days. I dont know what it was during the first weeks bcs I didn't have it back then but since late March its never been lower than 94 up until now.

Is anyone else still experiencing something similar this late? The doctor at the ER was all: "Yeah that's strange" but it didn't occur enough at the hospital to admit me, which is good news but on the other end Im stuck with periodic low readings below 95 while tests show nothing wrong. Any thoughts on when to actually worry about those Pulse oxi readings? The device was checked at the hospital and seems to work fine, no I dont have cold fingers ;)

Thanks for taking the time to read this and maybe reply. Hope we all get well soon again. So Yesterday I was thinking post viral inflammation....What’s good for inflammation? CBD! And today I saw this.[removed] Day 57 - back from ER, possible LVEF numbers causing symptoms - anyone else?Hi guys - just wanted to give an update, hopefully it's useful.

tl;dr - 26M (in UK), day 57 - last night went to ER for a CT scan (all clear) and a Cardiac Echo (ultrasound on heart). Ultrasound revealed left ventricle ejection fraction (LVEF) of \~35-40% (normal is 55%-70%) which is an indicator of myocarditis (although not definite). No inflammation or anything else wrong with the heart aside from the high resting heart rate (90-120). Medication provided to bring heart rate down and blood pressure: possible recovery 1-6 months+ if medication doesn't help.

Oh I also tested negative for covid-19 on day 40 and had a test yesterday - day 56 (awaiting results but will presume that's negative too - no antibody test available yet in UK).

Longer version -

I went to the ER yesterday (day 56) because my heart rate was still high, my lingering symptoms since the typical covid symptoms &gt; rest period &gt; relapse have been; elevated heart rate, shortness of breath (particularly on exertion - even 20 mins walk) and fatigue here and there. These symptoms hit me in the mornings after I wake up then alleviate by 11am-ish and start again after 8pm until I fall asleep (no problems falling asleep or getting 7-albeit disturbed- hours of sleep a night).

My ER visit a couple of weeks ago featured an ultrasound of the heart that checked for fluid around the heart and possible signs of inflammation around the heart only. My chest x-ray at this time also showed nothing and my bloods were good. My more in-depth ultrasound yesterday showed the LVEF 35-40% without any further issues in the heart observed. My troponin levels were negative and normal (5ng/ml) and my CRP &lt; 1. CT scan revealed nothing abnormal and ECG was also good (possible interventricular delay but not consistent at all). They ran various blood tests on my heart and they returned normal too and my blood oxygen is consistently above 97 (unless exerting it drops down very temporarily to 93 but then climbs back up). I have been given daily doses (starting off small) of Ramipril and Bisoprolol to help bring my heart rate down so that my LVEF can improve - although this is a slow process.

The cardiologist gave the diagnosis but didn't seem too sure it was myocarditis as it seems that my heart is like in recovery mode due to troponin levels and no other heart issues (no dilation, no hypertrophy, everything else structurally normal). Low LVEF symptoms include; shortness of breath/inability to exercise, fatigue and weakness, nausea, rapid heart rate and I've been experiencing a lot of these.

I'm not sure if anyone else has had an ultrasound that looked into their 4 chambers in depth and had similar results/diagnosis? I know it's not much of an answer but those LVEF symptoms are consistent with post viral fatigue which is getting thrown around a lot now as well so maybe this will help others... Day 70 Fatigue and low feverToday is day 70. I’m much better than I was but I still can’t shake the fatigue and my temperature will not stay below 99. I’ve had a low fever every day for 70 days. I can’t function normally. If I try I get SOB and sweat. And then I pay for it massively later with incredible fatigue, like it physically will hurt to be awake. This truly feels endless. 

Meds I’ve tried:

2 rounds of methyl prednisone dose pack
Z pack
30 days of singulair 
Albuterol inhaler
Albuterol nebulizer 
20mg prednisone 5 days
100mg doxycycline 7 days 

Supplements I’m taking

Glutathione 
Vitamin c
Vitamin d
Zinc 

Anyone out there have any advice? Part of me thinks I should go back to urgent care today, but most of me thinks it’s a waste of time and wants to sleep. Flu shotHow many have had the flu shot this year or in Fall of 2019?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/gontr9) Should my significant other isolate?34 female NYC 

Onset yesterday.
Debilitating headache that does not go away with any meds. Fever was 104.8 yesterday and with Tylenol has gone down between 99.8-103.6 varying time of day. Nauseas and diarrhea. Sweats and body aches.

Dr set me up for appt Monday for test. My fiancé is an essential worker in the tech field and has been required to go into the office but has started not feeling well but much less intense symptoms than I have (just nausea at the moment and lethargy) his job is aware and requesting him back in office Tuesday but I’m not sure if since he’s not feeling great and I don’t have my results yet if he should decline going in.

Thanks Herpes / HSV / Cold Sore Outbreaks During COVID-19Using a throwaway, but I wanted to report this in case anyone else had this experience or question.

I've had a battery of classic COVID-19 symptoms and was diagnosed by a doctor. My case has been very mild and I've been able to care for myself at home. One of the major indicators to me that something was very wrong on a serious, systemic level was that I had the worst genital herpes flare-up I've had in the two decades that I've had it. Normally my immune system suppresses it naturally and I'm very healthy -- I rarely get sick and haven't been sick at all this year until now. 

If you have seen cold sores or genital herpes outbreaks/flare-ups during this time, consider it a signal that your body is rerouting its efforts to fight another threat and can't be bothered with suppressing your HSV at this time. Take care and stay safe. I have been pretty much 100% for 2 weeks. Yesterday I went up the stairs to test the waters. Later that night, felt like day 1 with lung pain, cough, fatigue. Felt better this morning and thought it was just randomNope. Here I am as usual in the afternoon I start to decline. What the hell.

I feel like I am back to week 2 of this. How is this possible?

Symptoms started March 6. That's 11 weeks. 
Worst symptoms were week 3 and 4. Then a slow recovery until week 8 and 9 when my cough went away and I didn't feel fatigue anymore.
Went for walks and everything. 

I would love to hear other experiences. Is this familiar to anyone? Been taking nurofen plus on and off for symptoms and ive gotten worse in the last few days , just now i know they contain ibuprofenHow much does ibuprofen contribute to making the symptoms worse?

Apparently the ibuprofen thing has been debunked but whats your opinion on this ? A sudden spike of blood pressureweek 12, Just experienced a sudden spike of blood pressure to 150/96, with no elevated heart rate, but a blurred vision. It lasted about 20mins then BP dropped to normal..ish(still a bit high).

Has anyone experienced the same? Day 60 on the Covid-CoasterFirst off, I wanted to thank everyone on this sub who has shared their experience on this strange, unpredictable disease. As many of you know, this illness is an isolating one; not only because of the need to quarantine, but also because it's hard for the majority of people who don't have long-lasting issues to understand (or sometimes, believe) what is is that we are going through. It's this community that has helped give me peace and validate the reality of what I have experienced these last two months. This is especially helpful when the medical professionals, friends, and sometimes family, have told me (an athletic/healthy 28 year old) I be fine by now and that it's probably a mentalility thing.

I work closely with Covid patients and started to feel symptoms around March 23rd (shortness of breath). Never experiencing this type of SOB in my life, I immediately got concerned after a few days of it lingering. At the end of the week, I finally decided that enough was enough and told my employer that I wanted to take the week off to try and kick this thing. I then spoke with my doctor, who did not suggest testing and instead treated me for allergies. Although the SOB lingered through the week, I didn't feel as though my symptoms were worsening and decided to return to work (it's just allergies, right?).

Well, two weeks go by and I decide to do a 3 day fast (which I have done many times in the past without issue). Mid second day, I was sitting down at work when a sudden wave of "something isn't right" washed over me. My lungs began to burn and my head became lightheaded (lightheadedness is a common symptom of fasting, but this was wayy different). Over the next few days, I experienced an extreme tightness in my mid-back and a fever that left me waking up in a pool of sweat every night. I called my work, and with much embarrassment, told them that again I would need to take the week off. 

I called my doctor the next chance that I could, who agreed to get me tested after I explained to her my profession. I drowned myself with water and started popping vitamin C and D like candy. After a few days of total bed rest, the back pain and fevers started to subside and I was left with just a nagging cough and SOB. That's when my doctor called me to give me my test results:

Negative. 

Weird, I had never been this sick before and for so long. The doctor explained to me that it was possible that it was a false negative since tests have been shown to have a 70% accuracy. She then suggested that I get an antibody test done in 2-3 weeks (since I'm more likely to show antibodies the longer I wait).

Two weeks go by. I'm still feeling a SOB, but I'm getting restless from not being able to exercise for a few weeks. "My lungs need fresh air", I say, so I go for a slow short run (1 mile, my usual run is way longer). Big mistake. The back pain immediately returns that night. A day later, and I can't take the same deep breathes that I could even when I was experiencing SOB. Now it's the end of the week and I am experiencing SOB, fogginess in memory, weird headaches, and a pulse oximeter reading of 96 and a pulse rate of 90-100 (my usual is 98-99 and 65bpm). My antibody test is next Thursday, which will hopefully give me some sort of validation with what I'm dealing with.

In hindsight, it was dumb of me for trying to fast/run while I was clearly experiencing some type of symptoms still. It's been difficult to watch all of my coworkers and friends go through this pandemic with no symptoms while I (again, healthier and younger than most of them) have seen little to no improvement. I am so grateful that none of those that are close to me have experienced serious symptoms, but still, I feel like the black-hypochondriatic-sheep of the herd. 

Someone on the sub stated that a doctor of theres told them that people with seasonal allergies have been shown to have longer recovery times? Clariton is a must for me when allergy season rolls around.

Anyway, that's enough complaining. Again, thank you all for sharing your stories and freeing me from this sense of impending doom. If anyone can relate to my experience and wants to share their own, it would be very helpful.

Stay safe! Organizations studying long-term cases?Has anyone found a non-profit that is explicitly focused on studying long-term cases, and/or the overactive immune response or autoimmune response the disease is causing? I’ve hit day 100—what an achievement—and want to use the opportunity to bring attention to such an organization. Antibody Tests...WTF?My partner and I were both sick in early to mid-March. He had typical flu like symptoms, I had what felt like a mild cold (although with temperature) for a few days.

I took a RayBiotech Rapid Antibody test April 28th and tested positive for IgM and negative for IgG. My partner took the same test exactly a week later with exactly the same results. The brochure said it's about 85% accurate when tested positive. 

Out of curiosity to see if IgG would register, I took the more extensive blood draw May 20th. It only tests for IgG and, according to the clinic, is 99% accurate. Rec'd a call today that I was negative. 

Any theories on this one? I was fully expected a positive IgG result, based on that we both tested positive for IgM 3+ weeks ago. So....confused... Just got diagnosedSo, I was pretty positive I had it (no pun intended) and I don’t have any shortness of breath, coughing, anything too bad. The only thing that’s REALLY bad is the extreme fatigue and my muscles ache.

I literally just got off a video chat with a doctor and he said I need to quarantine for two weeks. I’m fine with that. My mom, on the other hand, assumes I don’t actually have it and won’t let me go get an actual test done. I’m more worried about her forcing me to leave. Any suggestions on how I can make her realize that she also needs to take this seriously? And maybe some advice on how to deal with the panic that comes when you first get told you most likely have it? Lung check follow up?Has anyone followed up the lung damage with X-ray/CT scan after a period of time? any sign of improvements (scarring)? My doctor reckons my covid negative was a false negative and is it normal to cough up blood?Just started coughing up blood a few minutes ago and i have viral chest infection, getting seen to by doctor in the next hour. Has anyone been able to actually get a stool test for Covid? Doctor says I had it, tests come back negative, still feel like crapI've been sick since January. My Asthma doctor believes somewhere in there it was Covid-19, as well as a persistent sinus infection. I had a negative test back in April, and another yesterday. Both were the rapid tests.

I was coughing and had a low grade fever, those have improved. Until yesterday my pulse ox kept dropping, sometimes to the high 80's. I'm so tired, and I hurt all over. My heart rate sky rockets even when I'm doing nothing. 

My chest hurts, my head hurts, and I'm short of breath, but the specialists keep telling me it's not Covid because of the negative tests. 

Is it possible to get two negative tests? 

I can't stop crying today because I'm SO TIRED and so frustrated that I can't get any help or a proper diagnosis. Sharing experience: 2+ months of fever in BrooklynHi all,

It's somewhat reassuring to see I'm not alone with this. Everyone I knew who had covid had much milder cases than mine (and mine is "mild;" I've stayed out of the hospital).

I'm 31F, have Ehlers Danlos Syndrome with POTS as underlying conditions, otherwise in relatively good shape. Had a bad bout of mono in 2018-2019, and this feels like that but worse.

I first started having symptoms on March 12, fever, sore throat, swollen lymph nodes. The second week was the worst: I had chest tightness and SOB like I've never had before. Felt like someone was sitting on my chest. As well as GI issues and 0 appetite. Hard to say if I lost sense of taste or smell because I wasn't eating much at all early on. The sore throat, swollen lymph nodes, SOB, and chest tightness went away by weeks 3 and 4, and a chest x-ray at week 7 came back clear. The fever and fatigue have been extremely persistent though.

I've had a pulseox to monitor since Week 4, it occasionally dips to 90-94 but is usually normal (95+).

I've had fever for 9 weeks now. It used to be 100 degrees all the time, it got better, and then it came back, going up to 101 -- this was from a bad secondary bacterial infection. Now I have the low-grade fever again, where it peaks at 100 for a few hours then goes down. I wake up with a 98.9-99.5 temp at 8am, it peaks at around 100.0-100.5 by noon, that lasts for a few hours, and then it gradually goes down to the high 98s at night. It's like clockwork. Energy comes back little by little, only for me to be completely flattened out after a quick walk to the pharmacy or cooking or even a half hour work meeting.

At around weeks 3 and weeks 7, I had flare ups of what dr called a viral exanthem rash on my upper arms and chest. The rash was disconcerting, but a topical steroid cream has calmed it down.

A swab done at week 7 came back negative, antibody test still pending, though I've been told by dr I 99% had it even if the antibody test comes back negative, something to do with Ehlers Danlos patients and tendency towards IgG deficiencies.

Weirdest thing -- I never had a cough through this! Seems like I got a bunch of the other symptoms though.

I seem to be doing better once the secondary infection began to be treated (though it's stubborn, I've had to try 4 different antibiotics, my immune system is just...not working), but still have low-grade fevers and fatigue! Sometimes have chills with them. It's incredibly frustrating, and I'm afraid of people thinking I'm faking at this point because it's been so long.

I'm on a medrol dose pack right now to reduce swelling from the secondary infection, and that has helped with energy...though I don't know what it will be like once I'm off of that.

I'm trying to keep up with taking vitamins...have a propensity for Vitamin D deficiency and definitely have not been going outside much at all. I've lost about 10 lbs through this.

The hardest part is that I live alone so it's hard to truly rest...still need to cook and clean somewhat. Thankfully have had people to bring groceries. And I'm back to work after a week off for the secondary bacterial infection (my work has been incredibly understanding and supportive, thank goodness). It's a lot!

Any tips and tricks that have helped others? Are there others who are sick while living alone?

ETA: also brain fog! the brain fog has been something else! I once had put away spices in my bathroom... GI Symtoms and FeverDid anyone experience these as the main symptoms with little to now coughing. Also did anyone develop pink eyelids and discharge? Day 67 Update and POSITIVE stuff. 59 F Athlete Asthma, Sjögren’sI posted my journey way back in March in this sub  and kept updating daily. 
And many reached out, thank you! Chatting with you all sure helped!!! 
My story also made national news paper and I was interviewed on National TV. 
I had 14 of the 14 symptoms...perfect score! 🏅 

https://www.reddit.com/r/COVID19positive/comments/fmiqpr/day_6_symptoms_list_suggestions_59f_auto_immune/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app

I also posted “must haves” list at the bottom of that post for Covid-newbies. 

So the lingering stuff. Yes it drags on and on. Even the SOB came and went for the longest time and every once in a while I can STILL feel it, even now Day 67. 

Up until about Day 46 I had that overwhelming exhaustion feeling. You KNOW exactly what I’m talking about. But around Day 43-46 it started to change up and the bad stuff got better. Not fully but definitely enough to start slow walks. 
I REFUSE to let this Covid-b@sturd take me down! I REFUSE to let stress or anxiety weaken my immunity! 

HOWEVER....I AM doing physical stuff, 10km walks. Gardening (for those who don’t know, gardening is akin to yoga-ninja-ballet. It’s a killer workout. Don’t mess with those elderly weed pulling gardeners! They’ll kick yer butt....then bake you cookies, dammit!)

I’m also back to my hobby of rock hounding, cutting, wrapping etc. Also very SUPER physical. 
(My IG is fairy_lake_gemstones  ...I’ve been giving them to frontline workers out of appreciation)

I am STILL on the vitamin express. Trying to put good stuff in the temple. I know when I have to stop doing  work or activities and sit. Oh, the odd glass or two of wine is imbibed but it’s celebratory, on a battle well fought! 
(Disclaimer: Do NOT drink alcohol while that Virus is surging and rampant!! You will regret it. You need every drop of hydration and alcohol has the opposite effect. Even now, I will drink water right after said vino.)

The one lingering or new thing I have going on is waking up in the morning with numb tingling hands. Like when you sleep on your arm and it goes numb. And prickly....but I’m not sleeping on my hands. Weird af!!
But I will take that over any of the other symptoms on the Covid Roulette wheel any day!

Keep up the good fight my fellow COVID-WARRIORS!! Or is it Covid-Cronies? 

Lower your anxiety, and remember, stress reduces your bodies ability to fight. Channel that inner zen. 100% DESTRESS! I can’t stress that enough. 😂 

Remember, when you piddle, replace every drop by drinking water right away. 
Pee, then drink H2O, repeat, all day, all night, every day, non stop. That is your full time job. (Pays dividends)

You got this folks. One day we will all come together and talk about the heinous olden days of Covid. Over a nice Cabernet. 
Gentle hugs...from this Covid team mate. Fight on 💪🏼 My story I think I have pos. Since March , 59 yr female good health, work outWas traveling (Flying) to florida from virginia all summer (about every 3-4 weeks) taking care of my elderly parents. My father passed Aug. and my mother now lives with us. Was having strange left neck soreness when palpated would hurt like I had been punched or something. In March 19th ish I felt like bricks were on my chest. My lungs felt like they were expanded and would not empty. I am nurse so had pulse ox O2 sat 97%. At night my heart beaT irregular would speed up and then down. Used albuterol inhaler which helped some. Prednisone made chest feel worse. Fatigue big time but had been having that for about month anyway. I thought all was related to stress with parents, I retired early to care for mom etc. Sometimes would feel better in day and then get worse as day wore on. One night body felt like it was on fire, not like regular hot flash. I woke up with thick goop coming out of eyes. I then began to notice abdominal bloating that made the breathing more difficult. I then added Prilosec and helped. I get up feeling ok in morning but by noon I am exhausted and slow way down. I nap sometimes for 2-3 hours in early evening and then sleep 6-7 at night. 62 days and today my chest feels just a little tight, I am having pelvic soreness like when I used to have periods and feel super bloated. I just had ultrasound at OBGYN and all looked normal. It had crossed my mind Could  All of this be covid? But now I know it is because now that these posts are getting out, it is obvious. I had flown to Utah in February and There was a lady coughing behind us on the plane. My husband is real focused on that stuff and mentioned it. I have been walking 2.7 miles some days but it takes everything I have to do much else. 

I Also think about when I was in the military when comrades had been exposed to chemical weapons (the birds fell dead out of the sky), they would have all of these different symptoms that no one could pinpoint And many chronic. I can’t help but wonder because all is chaos. IV Vitamin Therapy for 60 day post infection flare up SO helpfulSo I'm at about 65 days post infection and about 3 days ago I think I started what seemed to be a flare. Felt EXHAUSTED, low fever, body aches and aching/hurting lungs and hard to take a deep breath. 

I got worried and decided to go to my doctor who is a  functional medicine doctor, and received an IV of Vitamin C as well as many vitamins and minerals, (B vitamins, zinc, various amino acids, magnesium potassium etc) and a glutathione push. 

Let me just say I was very skeptical this would do anything at all, but my doctor has been saying she's had success helping people get better with IV Vitamin Therapy who were very sick at the start of their illness, and I thought, what the hell, can't hurt to try, I didn't want to go backwards and be in a position of feeling terrible again. 

Holy hell, I can't explain how even just an hour after the IV I was feeling a huge improvement! I'm talking major decrease in symptoms and a huge jump in energy. I honestly am still in shock it was SO helpful THAT quickly. She said over the next few days I should continue to see benefits but I'm blown away on how something so simple could help to improve how I was feeling so quickly. 

I'm not saying this is a miracle cure, I still clearly have a lot of healing to do, but really giving the body what it needs to heal amazingly seems to work. I have been taking supplements with all of what was in the IV, but IV dosage is higher and greater absorption so clearly makes a difference. 

I just know many of you are struggling with fighting this a long time and wanted to share my experience of something that has been helpful, genuinely so so helpful. Some might say it's a hoax or nonsense but I can tell you how it's made me feel so far in terms of lessening of symptoms during this flare up is pretty insane. 

Just a preface, it was rather expensive... Only downside. About $250, so I know that may be a barrier for some. 

Anyone else done anything similar and seen improvement as well? Pretty amazing stuff! Post inflammation issues(37 m, no pre conditions, virginia, o+) I was presumed covid positive at the end of March.  I started having symptoms around March 18th and really struggled until the end of April. I developed a mild pneumonia and was first given azithromycin and on the last day of taking that I was given hydroxychloroquine.  I am not sure if either helped as I was prescribed these approximately 2 and 3 weeks into this hell hole.  

As of today I am about 65ish days in.  I still have the lingering effects of this bitch people refer to as covid. I developed covid hands.  Think of covid toes but on your hands.  Basically they feel like they have frost bite.  They are red at the tips, splotchy, burn, itch, swollen, and occassionally will wake you up in the middle of the night throbbing.  This seems to be subsiding a little after over two weeks.  Also I have a skin rash on my face.  This is red splotchy, itches, and is flakey.  It is almost like sever dandruff.  I have a short beard and occassionally I will get a minor form of this when healthy.  Last but not least my GI behavior has just not returned.  I have gas and am bloated.  I have pain in my back (feels like Mike Tyson is using my kidneys as punching bags).  My stools are loose but luckily no longer explosive.  

I have been taking a ton of supplements and have had a fairly high fiber diet.  I am thinking this isn't doing my GI issues any favors.  I may cut back to just taking fish oil, vitamin d, and zinc as I likely get enough vitamin c and other vitamins from eating healthy.

My gut tells me that I am having an inflammatory event.  I have watched my resting heart rate decrease over the past week from 72 to 62.  I believe my heart was inflamed and it is starting to return to normal.  The rash on my hands and face could be caused by inflamed blood vessels that are microclotting.  Also, I believe that my entire gut is inflamed. Kidneys, liver, and small intestines.  

It has come out recently that children are experiencing post inflammatory responses.  I believe that my symptoms are similar just less severe.  Perhaps, there is a parallel here.  Is this being looked at by scientists?  Something tells me that covid is more of a blood disease that you contact via respiratory, but is not necessarily a respiratory disease.  I am not a scientist or a doctor but I read a lot.

I would prefer to believe that this is some sort of post inflammatory response rather then a long term viral infection. Do y'all have some weird taste in ur mouth?My sense of smell and taste were gone for a period of time, they slightly returned. I cant really taste food but it just...tastes weird. I have this awful taste whenever i eat stuff. It isn't the usual 'distorted flu' taste. 


It's really weird and hard to explain. Whenever i eat, i taste it. tried going to acoffeeshop in seattle and the cops arent wearing masks even though we have a mask law I dont feel safe what can I do?So I went to get coffee here in Seattle we have a mask ordinance now and 5 cops are in the shop none of them are wearing masks. I asked and they said that because I was wearing a mask I was safe? I decided not to get coffee. What hypocrites. It really disturbed me. If our leaders and officials arent taking this seriously what then Two negative tests but have all the symptomsBeen feeling ill since last Thursday. Started off as scratchy throat into full on fatigue, body aches and brain fog, now bad cough and sob. Killer headaches and a bit of nausea. No fevers. Had two nasal swab tests done two days apart...both came back negative. Dr says she doesn’t trust the tests as I have all the symptoms. Anyone else go through this? It’s so frustrating! Dr said it could be another viral infection but the longer I have this thing the more I think she’s right that it’s covid. 😑😷 A Negative Test and what do I do now?[removed] Today me and my girlfriend tested and got peculiar results..[removed] Update for dizzinessDizziness was something that bothered me the most as it was horrible. But I’ve been dizzy free for about a week now and I’m day 65. Hopefully that’s it. Other symptoms persisting but massive decline in dizziness. I just got back from the free Rite Aid self administered test. Not sure if I did the nasal swab right. Some people get dry mouth when they are anxious. Apparently I get dry nose. Does that matter? Does this EVER go away?On my third wave. I’m looking for positive stories of people who have FULLY recovered. Going on this viral roller coaster is almost more mentally challenging than physical. We have a homestead/farm and I’m struggling to keep up. This has been going on since late March. Mycoplasma?Has anyone been tested for mycoplasma who’s had long-term covid symptoms? Mycoplasma has many of the same symptoms as covid. Do y'all go through this as well?It's really hard to explain but i'll explain it to the best of my ability.

When i lose my breath...it sorta happens outta nowhere when im walking or something (lying down aggravates it.). I get chills running down my spine, and i feel warm ness in my chest (almost like im next to a burning hot stove, i think its inflammation of the trachea).  I feel a pressure in my stomach region and sometimes i feel coldness in my chest, and then it hits me...i lose my breath for 1 or 2 seconds and then i catch my breath. This happens again, and again for a period of time.

My dad checked all my airways, lungs and heart with a stethoscope and they're fine. I also checked my heart rate and im always getting something between 72-77 which is normal as well.

So what is this? I don't have swelling in my limbs or anywhere on my body, nor do i have blueness, i haven't coughed blood either.

However when i lose my breath, its the scariest thing ever. Its so unbelievably scary. I can't even begin to describe it. 

I forgot to mention previously but my fingers also have this tingly feeling, and its really scary.

My chest also hurts from both sides. Breathing exercises[removed] Mood Swings?Has anyone who tested positive or is presumed positive experienced odd mood swings? Like rapidly changing through the day. 

I’m day 20 and I’ve had a couple days where in the span of a day, I won’t notice it myself but it will be (nicely) mentioned to me that the prior day, I was having extreme mood swings. Like angry and ready to fight, and 20 minutes later I’m lovey and sweet... then an hour later, I’m moody and cranky again... then I’ll get sad and cry about something small... then later, try to pick a fight... it’s weird because I don’t notice it when it happens but when It’s brought to my attention and I reflect on the prior day... I can definitely see it! 

Anyone else? Symptoms comes in waves?A week ago I had stomach pain which then turned into an upset stomach, it got better by the Friday so I went into work on the Saturday. Whilst at work I lost my sense of smell and taste (it still hasn’t come back!) and by the time I got home I was feeling ill. I went to bed early. 

I woke up on the Sunday, absolutely breathless, started to cough too, not a persistent cough though just every hour. I lost my appetite and was fatigued. I also had a small fever. I called 111 and spoke to two doctors. Who both said I had symptoms of Covid - 19 and to self isolate and to call back if it got worse. 

The symptoms come in waves, I get bad chest pain on one side and it feels like my chest has pressure on it. It was so bad on Tuesday I ended up having to call 111 again but because I’m managing it alright I just have to keep an eye on it. The breathlessness isn’t there all the time, just when I try and speak. Last night I was trying to get some sleep, turned over and became breathless - didn’t panic just did deep breathing and it eventually calmed down. 

Yesterday, I got dizzy and lightheaded whilst laying down - thankfully I was! Or else I would of fainted! 

Woke up this morning with bad heartburn, which I don’t normally get. Still having GI problems, anything I eat goes right through me, as the doctor told me to eat to have energy to fight this  this thing!

I took a home test kit yesterday and awaiting results. The doctors, I spoke to didn’t rate them at all, told me to test for anti bodies when recovered!

Has anyone else experienced symptoms in waves? Like not all the time? Day 79, was starting to feel better for a few weeks , was probably 80% feeling better then suddenly today feel like I've been hit by a truckI've been sick since march 4th.  Was in the dealing with the after math of it all, trying to manage the lung pain. Have two puffers and have been told to take 1 gram of tylenol every 4 hours amd attempt some sort of activity for atleast 15mins a day that gets me moving.

I did good at that for 10 days. 

Then today I woke up and felt like I had  been hit by a  bus. Usually after I use my puffers in the morning I dont cough at all untill close to bedtime and repeat. 

Today I was coughing all day, have lung pain felt in my chest and upper back and extreme fatigue where I just dont feel like myself .

When it rains ( like it has been for 4 days) I find my shortness of breath is worse and so is my lung pain. Anyone else notice this ?

I'm so frustrated.

79 days and I'm still like this?

I just want to be able to enjoy my life. Today we had the test and..[removed] Back in quarantine one month later[removed] Negative Antibody Results, but SymptomaticI’m on Day 51 of symptoms (shortness of breath, daily low grade fever, nausea, fatigue, chest pain / pressure, you name it). Im 32, NYC, otherwise healthy.

Was tested on weeks 4, 5 and 7 for covid and all came back negative. Got chest x rays, ekg, d-dimer, urinalysis twice and everything looked good.

Yet symptoms persist into week 8. And I just got negative antibody test results — making my doctor think it’s something else.

I know there’s other viral infections out there, but this seems highly unlikely to me given how similar my symptoms are to what’s being reported (especially consistent low grade fever).

Anyone else in the same boat? Curious what medical tests you’ve done and what advice you’ve been given? Worried about my mother who is in the hospital. She tested false negative twice but I have my doubts because a doctor thinks I may have had COVID-19Before I discuss my mother, I'd like to write about myself. About a month ago, I came down with a really bad stomach ache and headache. I though it was strange and felt like my heart was beating a little too hard at times with some occasional chest pain. Eventually, I had body aches through out my body, had diarrhea but no fever or cough. My tongue's taste begins to feel enhanced as if I can taste things I shouldn't taste. Eventually, most of the body aches have gone away. My heart issues begin to subside. I do feel warm at times along with occasional stomach rumbling and I wanted to go to a doctor but I had no insurance to figure out what was wrong at the moment. A few days, I found a good place to go to without insurance. I talked to a doctor through Telemed and told her my symptoms. She said I probably had COVID-19 from the symptoms she was listening to from me. She wants me to go get an antibody test and I've been trying to get a test from a hospital but they want more information from my doctor for some reason after having a doctor's order. I feel pretty much okay now but my mother is in the hospital now.

A few days ago, my mother came down with a really sharp stomach pain, a fever and nausea. I took care of her for a day and ended up taking her to the hospital. It ended up being an appendicitis. She took COVID 19 tests (a rapid test that takes 45 minutes and the regular nasal test) and she tested negative. They proceeded with the surgery and they were able to remove the appendix. She had a lot of stomach pain after the surgery because her appendix has ruptured but I suppose that's normal when it bursts. A few days later she started developing a cough. This is worrisome because about two months ago, she developed pneumonia and she is coughing up mucus now. I'm worried that she has two false negatives tests. I mean, what's the likely hood of her catching COVID-19 after being in the same house as me for 3-4 weeks right?  I just don't know if this is it. Looking at the symptoms I found in this subreddit, I'm really scared..... Who quit nicotine use when symptoms started? What was your progression?Presumed positive here with 3 weeks of SOB. Dealing with fatigue now at 8 weeks. I quit using nicotine when I got sick and I'm wondering if this is exacerbating my fatigue. This feels like when I quit smoking the first time but worse. Anyone still getting GI issues / Diarrhea in the 63 day mark?Day 63 for me still getting stomach cramps, nausea / diarrhea and headaches. Was wondering if anyone is getting the same? Finally Have an Answer (25m Antibody Positive)Welp it seems that after 8 weeks I finally got some sort of affirmation. For context, I am week 8 with lingering minor SoB and Tachycardia. 

&amp;#x200B;

I have been to my GP I think 5 times in 2 weeks now, have received blood test, urine, chest xray, CT scan, and EKG, all of which said my heart and lungs were in great shape. Also had a holter monitor put on, which is how the tachycardia was discovered, which led my doc to refer me to a cardiologist. Cardiologist was an awesome, very candid man, listened to my worries, looked at all my tests and really took his time. Ended up running a sit stand test for POTS and bingo, we have a diagnosis.

&amp;#x200B;

He told me why he was diagnosing me with POTS (HR jumped 30 upon standing, similarly when walking while BP remained stagnant), what to expect going forward (may get better tomorrow, weeks, months, years, may not get better) and things to do that may help moving forward (hydrate like a mf, don't push myself too hard, but STAY ACTIVE). I'm not pretending like this is the most fantastic news in the world, but he candidly said to me it is not your heart, it is not your lungs, you are not dying. Whether right, partially right, temporarily right, or  wrong, I felt the weight of not knowing fly off my shoulders. I know an uphill battle is ahead of me, but at this point I'm attacking it with confidence not (too much) fear. I hope to wake up in a few days/weeks with everything back to normal, and though that may not be the case I have a strong support system of people who love me and will see me through the ups and downs. I hope you all get some sort of closure with this, though all of this is not based in anxiety, my goodness does it feel a world different now that the anxiety of not knowing is gone. Feel better friends :) Oddly enough, I think COVID enhanced my sense of taste and smell?I was someone who pretty much always had a sinus infection or some kind of congestion before COVID. When my symptoms began, I lost nearly all sense of taste and smell and, now that I’m on the mend, it has come back and I can taste and smell way better than I could even before I had COVID :D food is a whole new kind of pleasure now! And my boyfriends breath is suddenly awful now in the mornings since I can smell it 😂 pros and cons, I guess. 

Hang in there everyone, you got this! I (16M) Just Got Tested PositiveI really thought I didnt have the corona. Started 5 days ago with a headache and fever. After 2 days it was just nothing but a throat itch. We went to get me checked up yesterday and today when the result came i felt like i got hit with a truck. What do I do? Has anyone had their neurological symptoms improve or resolve?Day 67 currently. I have had several neurological things going on. Some have improved and others seem to be just popping up. 

Resolved:
The first week, memory was bad (don’t know if this was just a cause of fatigue and fogginess)
Some numbness
Slight hand mobility 

Current: 
Tinnitus 
Vision sensitivity
Sentences seem to not flow as well


Wondering what’s improved or resolved for you and in your recovery? COVID-19 Info Magazine![removed] Mild symptoms for two months. Doctor suspects Covid-19.I started getting bronchial chest pains a few days after attending a big event in London in early March. The very first thing I noticed was that my tinnitus got much worse and I lost most of the hearing in one ear. I had a dry cough I could easily suppress but no fever. I had pains around my kidneys and shoulders.

I was very dehydrated, drinking 2-3 times the amount of water I normally would. Appetite was mildly suppressed and I had some chills with only one incidence of awakening drenched in sweat. I was very tired for about a week, with occasional headaches.

But the bronchial chest pain didn't subside easily. It went away for a couple of days and then came back for another week but without the various other symptoms. This cycle lasted two months before I finally called the doctor for advice.

My kids (14, 12) had headaches and mild fevers for 24 hours and nothing more. 

She said it sounds like it could have been Covid-19 but an antibody test will be required to confirm it.

I'm fit and healthy, male late 40s.

Has anyone else had anything similar that was confirmed as Covid-19? Free self administered COVID test tomorrow at Rite Aid, antibody trstvnext week.I’ve (F, 50)  been honestly too tired to pursue treatment. (Also trying to quarantine)  I had  two tele-visits with my GP but he said they are “trying to keep sick people out of the office”. 

Its been around 2 months now though and I’m going to start pursuing treAtment  more aggressively. Going to ask for bloodwork and a chest X-ray. 

I start to feel a little better, then try to do something like walk my dog a block or two, and then feel worse. I’m so tired of laying around my house. I used to go to the gym 3 times a week, hike on the weekend and do yoga and qigong. 

Fatigue and body aches are back, cough is worse. Racing heart is not as bad. 

I notice that not hydrating and also any physical exertion makes me worse right away. I think vitamin C and zinc help. I’m tired of this. I know it could be worse, but I’m tired. I’ll update tomorrow, tell you what the text is like if anyone is interested. What does pneumonia feel like?Just wondering what pneumonia actually feels like?  Can you have it without a cough?  Does it always affect your oxygen levels? How accurate are the Quest Diagnostics Covid-19 antibody test?Ages: M(44), F(35), F(5)
California

We're all healthy and thin.

In the beginning for March, I got really sick along with my daughter. We both had fevers for about 10 days. The fatigue was really intense. It was hard to even walk to the bathroom. We both had lots of chest pain and headaches. Lots of diarrhea. I'm not sure about shortness of breathe. I have anxiety. So I always thought I was short of breathe but it didn't seem severe. My daughter complained so much about chest pain. I was feeling so desperate. I called Kaiser (hospital) and they said that were not testing anyone at the moment unless you traveled abroad. That we should stay home and just take advil and tylenol. We should assume that  we have covid and stay home. Don't go out. Then about 5 days later, my wife got really sick. Again, same symptoms as us. She complained mostly about how much her chest hurt and the heavy fatigue. We are all better now. I'm the only one that is still getting headaches, weird chest pains, and tiredness. Like I said, I have anxiety so it could be that but it's never been this bad.

3 weeks ago I decided to get an antibody test from Quest. I paid out of pocket. Waited 2 days and it was negative. Not sure what to think. I guess we could have had some kind of Flu. I've had a Flu before. Didn't feel like this. Not sure if it's worth sending my wife to go get an antibody test just in case. How accurate are these tests? “You need to assume you had it”Hey y’all. I just really need to share my story.

It all started on the last week of January, on a Thursday. I started feeling REALLY fatigued. 

My body ached so horribly and It was difficult to rest. Then I couldn’t smell or taste anything and the headaches started. The fever was next, it would spike and go away, and spike, and go away, and then spike again. 

Then it was the cough, the massive coughing fits that sounded like I was a cement mixer. The shortness of breath was next. It was so hard to breath, it felt like a belt was strapped to my chest. This coupled with the cough was a nightmare.

There was one night, during the second week of February, that it was so difficult to breath that I couldn’t fall asleep. I just stayed up all night taking the deepest breaths so I could breath. I thought i was going to die that night. 

After that night, I thankfully turned a corner and I SLOWLY started getting better. The pneumonia had set in though and it was going to be long toad. I had to focus on my breathing and made sure I took deep breaths for the next week. The tightness in my chest wouldn’t go away until the first Friday in March. 

This virus held on for dear life and wouldn’t let go. I would say I wasn’t symptom free until the middle of March. 

Then I started to think “could I have had it?” “No! It was just a bad chest cold!” 

The tell tale sign that I needed to talk to my doctor about the possibility of having it was when the symptom of “losing smell and taste” became a CDC landmark symptom. 

My doctor and I went through my symptom and symptom progression and the words that came out of their mouth after we conversed were “you need to assume that you had it, monitor yourself for signs of stroke as they’re seeing young people come in stoke symptoms and they’re testing positive”


So now I’m taking low dose aspirin hoping to god I can get my hands on an antibody test as they are in short supply in my state. 


TL;DR: probably had it, now monitoring for stroke on doctors orders. I am registered as highly vulnerable to covid-19 but I was somehow asymptoticI have congenital heart disease plus other lung issues such as asthma. Late February I had a two week period where I lost my sense of taste/smell I put it down to allergies mostly. 

I also noticed that my toes were swollen and red but I also thought that was due to eczema. 

My mum developed a cough and fever around the same time I lost my sense of taste. She is a key worker so she was eligible for a test. She just did an antibody test and it came back as positive for having covid-19 antibodies. Which means I 1000% contracted the virus too. 

Are there any other cases where people register in the vulnerable category experience little
To no symptoms? I feel like this virus is very strange on how it effects people differently. I’m a 24 year old Male too, maybe that helped with my response? Not sure. Made a corona test[removed] NAC and quercetin: opinions?I’m on day 50+, most symptoms are gone now, but occasional SOB is killing me! Has any of such long-termers as me noticed any improvement from using NAC and quercetin? Would you recommend any other supplements? My husband and I took COVID-19 antibody tests on Friday and got different resultsMy husband tested positive for antibodies and I tested negative. 

While I was never tested for COVID, (because I was sick in mid-February in NYC, no doctor thought I could have it yet because I hadn't left the country recently...) I'm very convinced that I had it. I couldn't breathe without wheezing, I lost my voice for 4 days from deep coughing, I had fevers, and was sick for way longer than normal... The sickest I'd ever been, really. We were so sure I had it.

Thing is, my husband started feeling "off" a few days before me but never got sick so we think he may have infected me.

Racking my brain trying to figure out how two people in such close proximity got different results. 2months in the covid19 journey, Anyone feel the SOb is worse on the day when reflux symptom is bad?Hi all survivors, I am two months in.. feel much stronger than 2 weeks ago, even though not 100% myself yet but I am grateful to be able to get on with my daily tasks ( and home working). I still have many symptoms as many of you have : heart rate issues, pins and needles/numbness in the feet / fingers ( they got red and burning).. think my blood circulation is not as good as before. I remain positive and I noticed I smile more and more.
One of the things really remind me every day that I have covid is my breathing-SOB.. I have tight chest some days, but most day I have this mild SOB, the feeling of needs to take deep breath ( like I forgot how to breath), when trying to take in deep satisfying breath I just cannot , lit’s like I cannot complete the action, and not get enough air in my lung yet I cannot expand my lungs anymore.. it often helps if I yawn in order to get the air in.. ( I hope you get what I mean)
I also noticed on the days I have bad reflux, the breathing seems to get worse..
Do you have similar experience? Can you share hope you cope with it? Or any dr advice from your Experience. 
Ps . My x ray was clear, blood oxygen level perfect .. Does anyone have this lingering muscle pain and headache?Been ill with covid from the 11th of March. The symptoms only started improving over the past week but I have been left with this muscle pain and headache  which wont go away. I have pretty bad brain fog too. I didn't have a headache this bad during the time of the main illness when I had lots of breathing difficulties its something recent. Did anyone experience anything similar? Possibly got infected with Rona. :c any tips for management at home?28/m - mild asthma 
Ive slowly started feeling shitty over the past 3 days. It started with just a sore nostral. I assumed it was a sinus infection because it was just one nostral super irritated at the time. The second day i felt both of my nostrals stock up and now day 3, im pushing a 100.4 fever. Chest feels okay for the most part. No immense difficulty breathing. Keeping my inhaler close by. Slight cough, usually only happens if im trying to cough stuff up or while trying to rest. Body aches a bit from fever. No loss of appetite or massive fatigue. Been taking tylenol past 2 days for fever symps. Doc says its probably Rona but wont kno for sure since i havent gone to get tested just yet. Kinda scared. :c doc said to quarantine at home.  can i expect to get worse or do you think Doc is wrong and its possibly sinus infection and itll blow over. Either way, i just want to recover. :/ i have health anxiety and already feel like im gonna die. I have my first baby otw and I dont wanna drop dead from this before shes here. 😭 Day 5[removed] 62 days in. Just had a full regression to crap symptoms this weekend. Here's a daily graph of my coronacoaster.[removed] Question for long term sufferers who have periods - do your symptoms worsen around the time of your PMS?Probably TMI but I just realised this - the past 4 or 5 days my symptoms worsened quite a lot after a few weeks of being pretty mild and making me think I'm finally recovered. Then I got my period. Bingo - I can take a full breath again! I've kept a symptom diary so I have a brief symptom description for every day in the past two months or so and I just went back and cross-checked with my period log. Exactly the same happened last month, the symptoms drastically worsened in the lead up to period, and eased as soon as I got it.  It may be a coincidence but it happened literally minutes away from each other, also last month period was a bit late, and this month a bit early, and it usually is regular to the exact day every single time, so definitely there are some deviations from the norm. I normally don't suffer from any other PMS symptoms at all 99% of the time so it makes it even weirder. Anyone has a similar experience? Anyone taking Unicom or Doxylamine Succinate for Insomnia or SleepingTried melatonin but not much luck. Unisom helped some but want to see if anyone’s taking that or any reason not to 60+ days of random systems - persistent abdominal pressure[removed] 60+ days mild symptoms / persistent abdominal pain[removed] Honey bee therapy?(28F) Ok hear me out, I’ve been suffering from symptoms since the beginning of March, I’m in the waxing and waning phase. My most peculiar symptom has been these horrible sweaty hands and feet, wet hands are gross and not fun. 

2 days ago walking barefoot in the yard I stepped on a honey bee, she gave her life valiantly and I was stung on the sole of my foot. 

The next day I noticed my sweating was improving, today I am again seeing improvement. My other symptoms are still here, alas, but finding relief for one has been a morale booster. 

I thought it was curious, so I figured I’d share. 

PSA: I am a new beekeeper, I know know this bee and her family, I am not encouraging people to go get stung, honestly who knows if the bee sting is even related to symptom improvement. Long Time Recovery &amp; Distancing32(f), healthy, suspected but never tested 

For those nearing the end of symptoms, what is the consensus on making trips to the grocery store, seeing friends, etc.? I live alone and have been isolating for close to 6 weeks now. I only have mild headaches and some swollen tonsils at this point. I’m trying to gauge how and when to see friends again. Everyone has been extremely supportive, but its clear that the decision is 100% on me. And just thinking about it feels overwhelming. It was an easy decision when I was very sick, but now I just feel torn. I’m lonely and just want a hug. Any thoughts or guidance? Steadily improving and feeling hopefulHey I just want to say im doing a lot better and finally my sleeping is starting to become normal again. I have a lot less pain and my heart rate is not as high as before for sure. Chest pain almost nonexistent. Yesterday, I managed to do a long walk and some exercise. No relapse today and feel the same as I did before. A few weeks ago I would have relapsed but I did not. I got an echo but the tech did not really notice anything during the procedure. Its possible I need something for the heart rate my doctor will confirm that to me but otherwise I seem ok. I have no decline in lung function and I am doing some autoimmune testing because they found something in my ANA but that could just because I have a family history of it. My other autoimmune panels did not show anything but there just doing more to double check. Anyway I am doing well overall and I hope you guys will too. At first, I was thinking I was going to die (especially in the first few weeks). It was really scary at first because the hospital was nuts and they made us stand around for hours and I was depressed because my whole world was crashing around me. I was going through a break up, thought I was going to die and stopped doing things I like to do. My roommate was also really sick and we were discussing the possibilities of ventilators. Here in queens it was really fucked up and there were alot of ambulances every night. I am happy to report today I am less depressed and I want to start doing things again that I like to do again. I hope you all do the same. Things are defiantly better in Queens I noticed and people seem a lot better mentally. This was the hardest thing I probably have gone through mentally and I hope you all come on the other side okay too. I think I am not going to be on here as much and I have made so much progress lately. Good luck to you all. Rash, bloodshot eyes and dry skin, day 53.Hey sorry I promise this will be my last post about symptoms. If you wanna see my journey so far please click on original post on my profile.

25, healthy (before this) , male 

I just wanted to know if anyone had been suffering from a face rash particularly on the cheeks. I have very sensitive skin and have always flushed easily, but it seems to be a rash that hasnt budged in two weeks. Almost like a malar rash. I have tested negative ANA for Lupus and all my other bloods are completely normal. My neutrophils were a couple weeks back but are now within normal range again. 

Also at the moment having constantly bloodshot eyes, and overall just incredibly itchy and scalp is itchy to. 

Still having those intermittent low grade fevers at 4pm every day. The last till 7 usually. And have two canker sores in my lip. Still some abdominal pain to and back pain. Does anyone also ever feel like theyre burning. Especially on their thighs or shoulders? 

It is starting to wane somewhat now. I do feel as if im slowly recovering. The rash sometimes reminds me that im not though. Does anyone have any tips on this or share any of these symptoms? 

Again thank you for your time :) Confusing results from Roche antibody testI had all the commonly mentioned symptoms of covid 19 around two months ago but I didn't get the PCR test and just waited it out at home. It took two weeks for everything to clear up.

Today I had the Roche Elecsys Antibody test done. It's the most accurate one so far. My report just came in online which said 'cutoff rate' is 1.0 and 'patient rate' (mine) is 0.11. Anything below 1.0 is considered negative so they classified me as negative.

No units for these rates were mentioned. Didn't even have information on what these rates represent, just these two numbers.

Does anyone know how these 'rates' are calculated? I know I should ask the lab for these details but it seems like they're doing a lot of these so I could only get in touch with the phone attendant who didn't really have any idea. 

If the test gave me a negative, why do I have any antibodies at all (the 0.11 figure)? Since this is a novel coronavirus, why do I have any antibodies? Has anybody here with persistent symptoms tried steroids?Hello,

I'm 33 and I've been sick for 2 months exactly. I noticed some improvement in some areas (sore throat is gone, pain in the lungs is not as sharp, I feel less tired) but some symptoms are still there. My heart beat has been very fast for the last 2-3 days so much so that it's hard to sleep.

&amp;#x200B;

I noticed some people on this board and elsewhere have tried oral steroids and said this has worked wonders.  I was wondering if someone could give us a little feedback.

&amp;#x200B;

Cheers ! Day 31 - Night Sweats &amp; SOBSo, a pretty terrible on set of new symptoms just came on and I’m having anxiety. I did not have the night sweating even with the first wave of symptoms. Even with feeling totally well. I wondered if my doctors were wrong, even, and if this is my true day one and / or I got reinfected. 

Around last night, I began to have some minor sweating. But, it felt like having the heat on and went away quickly. As the night progressed, I had bad SOB, but kept myself propped up so I can sleep. A couple of hours pass, and I wake up sweating with a mildly stuffed nose and loss of taste.

No fever, but what in the hell is going on? Am I reinfected? Why does it feel worse than wave one? Did the docs on the phone and I get it wrong? I’m trying to relax, but being an overweight obese woman, I’m freaking out a bit. Especially since things were not this bad during initial onset. Tested negative for both swab and antibody tests, but others in quarantine with me were sick and tested positive for antibodiesSo just to give some background, I first had symptoms on March 16th and was sick for 18 days.  I had all the classic symptoms:   dry cough, low fever, severe sharp pain in lungs, shortness of breath, lost my voice, etc.   After a LOT of work and a recommendation to get a chest x ray (which of course I could not get) I got approved to get the swab test on about my 9th day of being sick, which came back negative.  I was on the upswing around that time, but of course testing was really a mess then so it took days to get one.  With that said, they lab tech did say based on symptoms it sounded very much like COVID and the tests do produce false negatives.

I have been in quarantine with 5 family members since mid March.  I had it ***first*** in my house and got it the worst, and had it the longest, but eventually everyone in my house got sick as well.  I was the only one in my house even able to get a swab test because I was of enough concern medically.  EVERYONE in my house got sick, to varying degrees and varying symptoms, including loss of smell.    Regardless of my negative swab test, my family all believed we had it based on the varying symptoms throughout the house and the severity of my course.  

Fast forward to last week (60 days post infection)  I went to get an antibody test and I came back negative.  Needless to say, I was shocked and weirdly disappointed as all symptoms appeared as though I had it, I just wanted confirmation.

Now here is where it gets weird.  Two members of my household that were sick *after* me, have come back positive for antibodies.   One of which used the exact same lab as me, Quest, and still came back positive for antibodies. 

I am CERTAIN it is what I had, and given the fact that that others in my household who were sick after me, and less sick than I was, are coming back positive is an anomaly to me.   I know the tests are a bit of a mess in terms of reliability, but considering I used the same lab as a family member who came back positive is very strange.

Has this happened to anyone else?  Or any thoughts on how or why the hell that is possible?  I have a compromised immune system somewhat, as I have Hashimoto's...so the only thing I could imagine is perhaps my body hasn't developed antibodies yet?  My doctor said she would retest me again in another month or so, so we'll see then if anything changes.  

But yeah, this virus is one hell of a weird one, and with testing a mess it is all pretty confusing.

Any thoughts, input, or experiences that are similar are greatly appreciated! Coronavirus IgG Antibody Positive - My StoryHad mild symptoms of a bad sinusitis or a cold.  Had a 100.3 fever for a night.  That same night, had a super high heart rate, sweats, and a 100.3 fever when I thought I was about to wind down and go to bed.  I just remember sitting on my bed saying it’s time to sleep now, not had a 135 heart rate.  Instead I called 911.  But I wasn’t having a heart attack.  Paramedics came, there was “nothing wrong” they could find.  Went to the ER anyway for a night and they diagnosed me with anxiety and a CBC that had super low lymphocytes.  Like, AIDS low.  But doctors weren’t that worried because all my other levels were normal.  Nothing suggested anything else except I was “probably fighting something off”. My fever wasn’t high and dropped right away with a Tylenol.   They gave me an Ativan and sent me home.  My heart rate came down to 98.  This was mid-February.  

A week later after analyzing a stool sample I submitted because I was also having horrible abdominal gas and sulfur farts, I got a diagnosis of Sapo Virus.  I had been having horrible GI symptoms for two weeks before and had them for a MONTH on and off after getting my Sapo diagnosis.  Sapo is very mild, kids get over it in 2-3 days.  Adults 24-48 hours.  I had Sapo, but why was it constantly coming back? 

Why did I have almost no lymphocytes (natural killer cells) and tons and tons of neutrophils?  Isn’t a normal virus supposed to lower neutrophils and raise lymphocytes???

The problem with all of this is that I also have horrible panic disorder.  Which has been well controlled for years.  An anxiety fear of impending doom is indistinguishable for me from an actual medical emergency.

I went scorched earth on this thing, whatever I had.  There were no COVID tests then.  (Even though many of us likely had it in Los Angeles.). 

5000 IU of D, 1000mg Lipospheric C, Elderberry, Garlic, B complex, serious liquid multi, Tumeric, Ginger, and many other things.  Then I went balls to the wall with 1 tsp of Licrorice Root, 1 tsp Tumeric and 1 tsp Ginger with raw honey as a paste when what felt like a sinus infection showed up. That cures anything.  I instantly felt better and slowly recovered over a month.

In May my wife and I got antibody tests.  Blood serum.  She had a horrible cough that wouldn’t go away for three weeks in January.  We’re both positive.  My result was a 49.8, hers was 15.9.  They say another over 11 means you 100% had something...

Got new blood work and my lymphocytes have totally recovered.  Everything was finally normal again!  I started having some decaf coffee and walking again.

I started walking more, enjoying the sun.  I started doing some mild exercise on my elliptical.  But something was strange.  After I’d get done working out, instead of feeling my usual “high” my heart rate would never really go that high and instead drop pretty quickly back to resting and I would feel...very tired.

The other day we went to see the algae bloom at the ocean.  It was freezing out there and I had shorts on.  It was cold but it didn’t bother me that much.  We came home and I was feeling a little nasty from laying around all day so I did a 20 minute elliptical routine.  It was a little more difficult than I thought it might be.  No pain, but it was just tiring to do.  No shortness of breath at all.

Then I got real tired.  Real real tired.  The most tired I’ve even been in my life.  I started feeling bad chills.  The kind you have to get immediately in bed from because you just can’t get warm.  Then I started to feel light headed.  Then depersonalized.  Was I just exhausted or was it something else?  My body really wanted to sleep but my mind started sending another signal.  Something is wrong.  Really wrong.  You need to get help now!  I told my wife, by this point it was 3am.  She calmly reassured me, “you just got a blood test 3 days ago, all your levels are normal, you got over whatever you had!”  I got some sleep at 6am, only to wake up to soaked sweats.  Took my temp at least 100 times over the next three days.  Always 96.8-98.6.  Never higher, never lower.  The next three days I had the worst anxiety and panic attacks I’ve ever had.  The only thing that stopped me from going back to the ER was that I didn’t have an actual complaint other than high heart rate, profuse sweating and some mild low body temperature — yet all 100% textbook for a panic attack.  And the attacks did eventually go away after hours when I was able to focus on something else.  If I was really sick, they wouldn’t have went away right or I’d have had a really high fever.

Today, I’m a bit better.  The fear of impending doom has went away.  The night sweats have stopped.  The light headedness and DP is all gone.  But something is different.

When I stand up, I get instant Sinus Tach.  When I do any major physical exercise I get super exhausted and have to lay down.  Showers are exhausting.  Adrenal fatigue seems likely and makes a lot of sense when you sit for three days in horrible panic.  That came out of NOWHERE.  Because I was...really, really tired?  Like, so tired that I felt I might die if I fell asleep?  So I fought it for hours.  Nuts, right?

Could it all be anxiety from a horrendous depersonalized experience from just being really tired?  Absolutely.

Or it’s a reactivation of COVID or what comes after or basically some horrible you exercised a little much SHOCK to my whole system.  I’ve read lots of links on the bad that comes after the “recovery” and many horror stories about exercising during or after this thing.  

I have no idea what happened to me when I went to the ER in February.  I never had chest pain, never had any issue with my lungs, never had a high fever.  But plenty of days with 96s and 97s.  Sepsis?  Shock?  Oh, and my back really hurt bad for a week.  Kidney infection?

Anyone here with any similar stories or thoughts, I’d LOVE to hear them.  Whether it’s hard science or conspiracy I’d love to hear any opinions. 

Lots of love to everyone here.  No really, I mean it.  Every one of you.

I don’t know what this is.  I don’t know what’s still here or what could have...reactivated or come to play later?

EBV?  ME?  CFS?  Or something...worse?

Worst time I’ve ever had in my life trying to separate any of this out from anxiety and panic.  But like my wife has told me at least ten times, nothing I had was “that” bad, it all could have just been panic.  But why do I have high antibodies?  Why does she?  

UCLA can’t tell me definitely what any of it means.  And I believe them.  They don’t know.  

If anyone knows, it’s this community that has seen this shit.  If anyone has any super pro tips on truly getting back to normal, I’d love to know.  I’m going back on all my supplements.  Even if I think I feel better, I’m not going to stop.  Not till we know a lot more.  

And fuck that elliptical. Does Sugar make the virus worse?I ate some nutella and felt worse than before so was wondering. Neurological symptoms later on?I've been sick for over 40 days now. I've had fevers, a dry cough, muscle pains, skin rashes on toes and body and in the last week I've experienced neurological symptoms.

I've been checked by a cardiologist since my resting heart rate is at 100, normally it sits at 60-70 for me. When I'm up walking around at home it goes up to 170-180. I've been diagnosed with unspecific tachyardia. They haven't found anything wrong with my heart but says its probably caused by covid and should go back to normal.

The fever and cough has stopped now but I'm having neurological symptoms and it scares the shit out me. I'm F23 and have no prior existing conditions.

I have dull headaches daily that Tylenol doesn't help with. Sometimes I wake up to a tender and swollen head. It hurts just by touching it. I also have diffuse muscle pains every day, mostly on my right side. Feels like I've been working out, it's Sharp and sometimes dull.

I also get completely out of it when taking a short walk. I feel shortness of breath and like I'm not getting enough of air. Like something is stuck in my lungs. I've had a lung x ray and they didn't see anything, looked normal.

I'm previously healthy and this is honestly scaring the shit of out of me. I've had blood work done and everything looks fine but my white blood cells have been a little elevated and now its back to normal.

How can I still be this sick? Any long term sufferers take Hydroxychloroquine, Ivermectin or Remdesivir?30+ days suffering now and wondering if taking any one of those would help me now.

Have heard people recovered taking Hydroxychloroquine when they went to the ER within 14 days of symptom onset. Does it make sense to get an IgG antibody test if still experiencing symptoms in week 7?[removed] Does anyone actually recover past 90 days? Week 8, managed to walk 6000 stepsSo, I'm on week 8, took a walk for 6000 steps today, I'm feeling that I'm not used to this, but damn is it good to be able to do this!!! How do I find a lab with FDA approved Antibody Tests?I got the rapid test, came back negative, but now I've heard a study last week showed as much as a 48% false negative rate! So with the antibody test I don't want to make the same mistake and get a faulty one. 

My doctor wants me to get an Antibody test, but she's given me no guidance for finding a valid FDA approved one. 

Any advice? Also, can I take it if I'm symptomatic? (Been symptomatic for like 6 weeks, so it's not early in the infection) Presumed Positive - Can’t get tested.[removed] Daily hives and skin rashes that come and go in short intervals, had them since I got sick with covid symptoms in beginning of april. Anyone else?I've written in this sub about my symptoms but I haven't seen anyone with hives and skin rashes as one of them. I've read that it's mostly young people who get it so maybe thats why.

Here is a collage of my daily skin rashes. https://imgur.com/a/EXgEc90

Is anyone else having something similar? I started noticing them in the beginning of april, when I started displaying symptoms. Daily red hives and skin rashes that come and go in short intervals. I'm presumed positive by my doctors, sick for over a month with almost every symptom. They can't explain these rashes[deleted] Cipro damageIf anyone took a fluoroquinolone like cipro or levaquin you may want to look into the lasting effects of those meds. Look up floxies. Day 34, finally feel like I've turned a corner! Here's how I've been treating myself at home.Hi everyone,

I've been commenting on posts here and there with my suggestions, but feel like I really have turned a corner with this beast and I wanted to make my own post with details on how I've been managing my treatment at home. I am not a medical professional, but some of this is advice I've received from doctors. At the same time, even those doctors have been upfront that we're all figuring this out as we go so they're kind of shooting blindly as well. I do think some of the ways I have managed myself during this time have contributed to my improvement, but it's impossible to say for sure if it's that or the passage of time. Still, if you're like I was a few weeks ago and desperate to try anything that could help I think this post could be of interest to you.

I am 31 y/o relatively healthy female. I have endometriosis (which acts like an autoimmune disease in many ways, but there are debates over whether it classifies as such), drink rarely (special occasions), and do not smoke or do drugs. I eat well and move often (walking and bike riding) with some cardio exercise and yoga thrown into the mix.

In early April my husband developed a headache, cough, and some tightness in his chest. We had been on lockdown since mid March with few cases reported in our area and had been taking social distancing very seriously. We were careful when we went to stores, the only thing we weren't doing at this time was wearing masks. We didn't pay too much attention to his symptoms for these reasons and did not isolate him in our home (it just seemed so impossible that he could have been exposed to covid). My doctor suspects that not isolating ourselves within the home caused me to get a heavy viral load of the disease and is why I got hit so hard.

On April 12 I woke up and I just knew something was wrong and that it couldn't be anything except covid. I've never had such a strange, heavy feeling in my chest. That and the intense dry cough and fatigue appeared overnight. I experienced basically every other symptom being reported with the exception of fever (but my siblings and I have historically never run fevers, even when I was young and got strep throat or other infections).

I was diagnosed presumed positive by 3 different doctors based on my symptoms and listening to my breathing / cough over televisits. I know 3 different doctors might sound insane, but one is a good family friend who is a top doctor and who I had been communicating with throughout my illness, one was my old PCP, and the third is my new PCP who I switched to after becoming frustrated with my former PCP's care. My first PCP was insistent that testing was useless with the false negative rate so I did not get tested. My new PCP said we could test, but she would say she was 99% sure it was COVID and she didn't need a test to prove that if I didn't. I decided I'd rather not have a nasal swab tickle my brain and I'm content to be presumed positive at this point.

**My at home treatment:**

*Some of this is super obvious, but I want to outline it all anyways. The starred\* items are things I started doing more recently and I suspect ultimately led to my quicker turnaround.*

* Tons of watered down gatorade or pedialyte and herbal teas, basically flushing myself out but making sure I'm still getting electrolytes.
* Sleeping with a humidifier every night
* Sleeping on my stomach or propped up with pillows
* Hot showers, or when I was too weak to stand I would take hot baths and slather vick's vapor rub on my chest
* DayQuil and NyQuil
* Stopping every day at around 60-70% capacity. Even if I was capable of more, the days I would go to 80-90% capacity I'd find myself stuck in bed with a "hangover" for 2-3 days after.
* Taking walks and moving around, while I wanted to not push myself too much I also found I felt worse if I did nothing at all.
* Getting outside in the sunshine (I have an eno hammock and have spent a lot of time laying in that thing since I got sick, it's been a lifesaver!)
* Albuterol inhaler\* 2x a day. I used one when I was younger for exercise and on a day when I had a lot of trouble breathing decided to get a new prescription from my doctor. She recommended I use it preventatively, so even though I haven't felt like I *have* to have it I still use it 2x a day to keep my lungs open and help with the cough.
* Quercetin, NAC, Magnesium, Vitamin D\* I'm in a covid support group on slack that has been toting these. Funny enough, these are all supplements my nutritionist already had me on. I have been working with her since the beginning of the year to manage my endometriosis and some gut issues. The thing is, the first half of my illness I wasn't taking these because I had such a poor appetite. The supplements usually make me sick on an empty stomach so I skipped them. About a week after I started eating on a regular schedule I began adding them back in, and this is right around the time I really started to make significant improvements.
* Maintaining a sleep schedule.\* I watched one of the PVF videos floating around that recommended a good sleep schedule to help with healing. At this point I had been staying up late simply because I always felt so bad by the end of the day that it felt like a battle to go to sleep. I was probably going to bed around 1-2am. When I started moving my bedtime up to 10-11pm I noticed *huge* improvements in how I was feeling. I accomplished this by taking melatonin, timing my NyQuil dose to be earlier in the evening, and STAYING OFF SCREENS. I know it's hard when you're so sick that the only thing you *can* do is scroll on your phone, but keeping them off helped so much in getting to bed earlier. I got a pair of blue light blocking glasses because I had been experiencing eye strain and headaches from all the time on my screens and I now use those for any extended time or any screen time at all after 8pm.
* Eliminating inflammatory foods.\* I can't eat gluten already and I avoid dairy, but being sick definitely had me reaching for comfort foods like gluten free pizza, grilled cheese, cookies, and brownies. I'm convinced this really hurt me. I snapped out of it and decided about halfway through that being sick was no excuse for eating shit and went back to my normal way of eating, which is basically paleo but add in some gf bread.

On my most recent televisit my doctor told me to take some mucinex to help clear out anything I might have in my lungs and to start taking zinc, vitamin c, and to double my vitamin d dosage (just for the next week). I have also started with elderberry syrup after the recommendation of some nurse friends. I'm aware there are conflicting studies about this, but decided to take it anyways. These things I have all started in the past day or so, so it's even to harder to say if they've had any impact.

My doctor said (like I'm sure many of you are already aware) that covid seems to induce Post Viral Fatigue in some patients. She said at this point it sounds like that's what I'm dealing with, and she would guess I'm past the virus. It's a bummer because I have suffered PVF before and it knocked me out for months, I would say even the year after I still felt some of the effects, but as of today with COVID I truly am feeling *well.* I'm not about to run a marathon (not that I have ever been able to run a marathon...?), but I'm able to take longer and longer walks each day and do more and more. My symptoms continue to disappear and I feel really confident if I continue with this treatment course I will be back to my fullest, healthiest self very soon.

One thing I do plan to stick with for a while, likely throughout the summer, is limiting my activities to 70% of my capacity. There have been too many stories of people backsliding and the maxing out on my energy (or getting close to it) has been the biggest trigger for setbacks for me so far. I've made peace with my summer looking vastly different than I had originally planned. Readjusting those expectations for myself has made a huge difference in my mental health.

I hope this is of help to some of you! I'm so sorry if you're dealing with this virus, it has been really awful. Pulmonary nodules? Heart damage?I (49F) have been sick for 13 weeks (history/symptoms in comments), presumed positive by my doctor, who is in contact with an infectious disease specialist. Last Monday had a CT angiogram with contrast &amp; no blood clots were found, lungs were mostly clear, but a nodule was found. Apparently can be a variety of things- abscess, scarring, mucus plug or possibly cancer (I smoked for 25 years- probably about 15 "pack years").

Also had an echocardiogram yesterday but don't have the results yet. I do have some symptoms of cardiomyopathy/congestive heart failure.

Anyone else C19+ &amp; have nodule(s) show up on a CT scan? If so, any clue what they were?

How about symptoms of heart damage but a normal echo? (I'm praying my echo results are normal!) Smell issuesHas anyone had the opposite and had an increased sense of smell?? Burning noseHas anyone had a burning nose feeling?  Or like you check at is itchy?? Sick for 12 weeks- now have dark veins, what’s next 😩[removed] Day 50: short, sharp dips: blood sugar?I had short, sharp dips yesterday and today which are leaving me wondering if Covid (or the aftermath!) is messing with my blood sugar. 

Yesterday, day 49, I started off well! I got a Starbucks coffee and breakfast wrap around 830am. I did a Zoom job interview from 11am to noon. I think I had one more small snack around noon (an egg.) 2pm I crashed HARD. I got dizzy, foggy, headache and thought I was gonna pass out. It felt like I hadn’t eaten for 12 hours plus I felt super sweaty and my temp was 0.5 degrees higher than normal. I got a bunch of food and felt better within about an hour. Temp fell back to normal. 

Today, day 50, I had only a small snack in the morning and then crashed hard at noon during a conversation with someone. Dizzy, couldn’t focus, thought I might pass out. 

Theory: unlike before, my body can no longer handle a few hours without food. It’s creating some sort of “sugar crash” type situation which is even driving a small fever. Is anyone else experiencing this? 

Besides these dips, my main symptoms past couple days is moderate fatigue and mild-moderate body pain/inflammation. Root canalsHow many of you with chronic symptoms (past 6 weeks) have root canals?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/gl67p0) Signs of the virus?No one around me seems to believe me. My mom keeps insisting that I’m not even sick. 
I started out Sunday night with diarrhea. When I woke up the next morning I stopped eating. Had a horrible headache, like my eyes were going to pop out and slightly dizzy. Day 3 was awful bloating and stabbing stomach pains. It was like someone was squeezing me at my diaphragm. My back, flanks, ribs, between my shoulder all ache so bad and tender to touch. Shaking like I’d had way too much caffeine. Then my body developed muscle jerks, like when you jerk away right as you are drifting off to sleep. Stomach pains, tremors, and muscle jerks continued for a few days. Took lots of naps. Couldn’t eat. Feels like I can’t stop burping (which is really odd) and gas from the stomach cramping but I’m not eating so no BM. More headaches mostly behind my left eye and the base of my skull. I have tightness in my chest at my sternum and get winded just doing light housework. Constant dry mouth. The last 2 day have been just dizzy spells and nausea. But I have Ménière’s disease so it could be messing with that. I only seem to cough in the morning. More like I’m clearing my throat a lot. I have to take extra deep breaths that sound like I’m heavily sighing at someone. My temp never really got high. The highest was 99.5. It usually stays around 99. Yesterday I developed like a rash on my arms. It’s these little red/purple bumps. It doesn’t itch or hurt. Dr won’t refer me for testing, just said presumed positive Heart pain?32F/healthy prior/Day 45 of symptoms 

I’ve noticed a lot of people here (including me) are experiencing fast resting heart rates but besides that, anyone feel like their heart is going to jump outta their chest? This is my worst/scariest symptom that I’ve been having for 2+ weeks now. When I wake up in the morning I can feel that my heart is sore (kinda like overworked muscles). I feel like I’m in constant heart failure and/or on the verge of a heart attack all day long. I had an EKG and my reading came back fine except for the elevated heart rate. I go to bed every night thinking I won’t wake up in the morning. Is anyone else experiencing CONSTANT heart pain as well? Has anyone used pepcid/famotidine?If yes, did it help? What dosage? Thanks! Covid no fever or coughHi 

Just wondering if anyone else has had my symptoms 

No coughing 
No fever under temp 37.0 98.9
Shortness of breath with heavy feeling
Pain in chest when fully inhale
Slight burning in chest from time to time
fatigue
Sinus leakage 
eye discharge sticky

I had a sore throat about 4 weeks ago for two days but then went

I’m just a wanting to know if anyone else has the above with out the cough or fever and would like to
Know your story 

I should get my test results back with in 48 hours Does anyone else feel like they are getting worse over time rather than better?I feel like this is slowly killing me. serology test negative. not sure what to think anymore.was pretty sure I had covid for 2  months but my antibody test came back negative (lab test abott; level of  antibody: 0.01). PCR test negative just last week (which should be normal after 6 weeks). Not sure what to think now; I'm getting  crazy.  This test is supposed to be pretty accurate (with false positive rather than false negative).

Two  doctors confirmed lung lesions with handeld ultrasound ; supposedely  characteristic of covid at weeks 1 through 3; then lesions disappeared  after antibiotics); and I had strong symptoms (headeache; confusion;  medium fever; thorax pain and shortness of breath; sensation of heat in  veins; joint pains). Still doesn't feel in very good shape.  did a CT scan and it was fine.

Now I don't know If I was infected at all. I don't believe I'm immunodefiscient. Either I wasn't infected at all (and probably have something else wrong); or I haven't develloped any antibodies (which shouldn't be possible?) or there's something wrong with the test. 

The idea that I actually haven't been infected with covid and could go through it at anytime now is honestly really depressing right now. Heart SymptomsUnfortunately I'm becoming a constant poster on here so I'm probably fueling my own anxiety but regardless - 

Week 7, Day Forever, and I feel as if in the past week alone I've developed heart related symptoms that are really making me nervous. The chest tightness I had last week has been getting better and worse like a roller coaster. My heart rate though is starting to worry me as well. Again, this week alone I've seen such a weird change, whereas the second I get up to do the smallest tasks, my heart rate shoots up to \~100 and takes a very long time to get back down. I guess more than anything else, I'm wondering if anybody has had these symptoms AND they have passed? I've gone through a battery of tests (urine, blood and chest xray) that have turned out very much fine, getting a CT Angiography in a little bit, so who knows. Is this my heart forever now or has anyone seen this come and go? Covid 19 BAME and multigenerational housingI live in a multigenerational house with my Indian girlfriend and her father, she's just tested positive for Covid19, probably for her working in a hospital.
Me and her father are yet to be tested, I'm a white male and have no symptoms, her father is 70 and Indian with no symptoms.

I've been reading that it's very common to be a symptomatic with white people, but I'm wondering what to expect for her father? 

Any advice or experience welcomed!
Thanks. Strange symptomsI’m on week 8 and on the upswing at the moment. However there have been a few new changes. I used to have chills all the time, but now I get a low grade fever every night and wake up soaking wet with sweat. I’m viewing this as a positive but wanted to know if others had this happen this late in the course of the virus. 

Also my urine has a very foul smell. Almost like chemicals. Does anyone know why that would be? I’ve been taking the same supplements for awhile. Vitamin c, D, zinc, quercetin, melatonin, NAC, glutathione Blood workI tested negative on the swab test and the antibody test. I’ve been sick for 8 weeks now. 
Has anyone been tested for other viruses like mycoplasma? 

Also it looks like my white blood cell count was low. Is there any information about what is low for covid people? I think I read low eosinophils or monocytes? Please share what you found out through bloodwork! Dealing with weight lossDoes anyone have a good way to gain/maintain weight while also dealing with bad nausea, diarrhea/malabsorption?

All I can eat are smoothies, smoothies have seriously been saving my life. But getting the daily recommended calories seems like a Herculean task when everything tastes horrendous and makes my stomach churn. At this point I’ve lost 15lbs, I was already thin, and this is not a good look for me. I’m worried about the effects malnutrition has on my heart too, as it is already under extreme duress. 

I have a follow up in a week, if I’ve lost more weight then they’re going to admit me to the hospital. 

I do not want to eat junk food, I want to give my body all the support it needs, I’m just not sure how. TIA. It tried every door and its hand is still shaking the handles 9wks later..So.. managed to end up being one of the first people to get the virus in my city back in the beginning of March. Both me and my GF got it. Started with a tickle in the throat. Then shortness of breath which I initially played off as panic attacks. Then the worst diarrhea I've ever had. Literally bright yellow water..  This coincided with chest pain, lowgrade fever.
When to emerge at this point and was sent away.

2 weeks later, march 20ish, fever still came and went, violent rickets every other night. Started to have a rapid, hard and fluttery heartbeat. Diarrhea started to clear but maintained the bright yellow colour. I had lost about 20lbs by this point. The next few days, everything cleared up and I proudly proclaimed that I was over it on facebook. The next day I woke up with conjuctivitis. Heart pain got worse. Then my guts got really stabby around my liver so I went back to the hospital. Did all the tests. Bilial count was slightly elevated, they found a polyp on my gallbladder and suggested that my gallbladder may need to come out when electives open back up.

The next week was ok. Slow recovery. Fever was gone for the most part with the exception of feeling like I had a sunburn on occasion. One night about a week from the 2nd hospital visit, I had a small arguement with my girlfriend (who had been symptom free after about 2 weeks) and felt like I was having a heart attack. I waited it out. It resided but left a heavy pain in my chest. I didnt sleep that night because of the pain. Got up in the morning and called GP who told me to go to emerge immediately.  I did. They did all the tests, except the echo. Also finally got the swab, 5 weeks too late. Came back negative with the caveat that all my symptoms lined up perfectly and that these tests had a huge fsik rate after the first 3-4 weeks. Was begged to take part in antibody study when it was made available. Heart tests came back fine, but I was referred to a specialist as an outpatient..

So a week went by and I lived with this pain in my chest. Hurt to breathe. Hurt to have a hot shower. Stuck to noncaffinated teas to fight the ever present sore throat. Tinnitus set in for a few days around here. Then my leg swelled up. To note, I have a varicose in my left calf. It got real nasty and puffy, and fearing DVT, I went back to emerge for the 4th time. Did all the tests. Came back as a superficial bloodclot. So, just elevation and warm compress.

Finally got a call from the cardiologist who tried to tell me it was just stress. I flipped and demanded an echo. He agreed. 4 days later I got the echo. Wore a holter device for 3 days and 3 days after that I took a stress test. Results from echo showed that I had some fluid around my heart, indicative of someone recovering from pericarditis. Killed the stress test, to my amazement.. but I've always been a show off.
Holter showed very minor arrhythmia blips, which he thought correlated. Said I was probably on the up and up before the test happened.

Great! I went home and had coffee for the first time in 2 months. It was lovely. The boast in spirits really gave me a great week. Felt like a was making leaps and bounds with recovery. Up my workout regime. Got more cocky with what I ate. Guts only bugged me with high fat foods. 

That was last week. This week, my throat has been worse in the mornings and my girlfriend is now complaining of a sore throat also. Her tonsils look inflamed. Last night I has the worst testicle pain I've ever experienced. Gave me dry heaves. Had a hot shower and pulled on the sack to give them some room (tmi, sorry) and it got a bit better. I really didnt want that 5th ED visit. Still very tender today. Felling a little warm, but temp reads 36.8 

Today would be day 65.
My morale has taken a huge hit. New patient-led report on long-term COVID recoveries![removed] Big strong gulps of air!Hello guys, so if you want to know more details about my experience go on my original post on my profile. 

But I was wondering does anyone else get this kind of clean air feeling when they breath in now? Like it feels good almost like you’ve swallowed a bit of extra fresh air that goes right down to your ribs. Almost like your body is learning to breath again? 

For a while when this started I couldn’t catch my breath. But when I get these breathes I can breathe them in without having to yawn to do so and it feels very deep... almost very satisfying 

It’s hard to describe but if you feel it you’ll get what I mean? 

I’m on my 52 day of symptoms now on and off, symptoms also switch around as well. 

Yesterday I had another one of those intermittent fevers everyone seems to get, mid afternoon. And have now developed some sores in my lip. Look like canker sores. 

Hope everyone is managing to cope🙏 what kind of headache do you have and how bad ? I felt all kinds of mild pain over the skull and it lasted almost a week then I took some pain killers and now the pain is on and off but still there.[removed] February case/speculationI think I got it playing basketball.. have been out of commission since. Wondering does anyone else have a spider web like mucus? Newest post-CV relapse symptom: Migraines &amp; red burning skin on my face &amp; neck. Anyone else? (55+ days post-CV)Has anyone else experienced this symptom yet?  

55+ days since the serious CV symptoms hit me but was sick for about 2 weeks before the worrisome symptoms so got CV about  3 months ago.  Over a week ago suddenly was hit with a bad migraine on the right side of my head that lasted all week long but waxed &amp; waned.  All the skin on that side of my head turned bright red as well as on my neck on that side and my chest.  No fever but it felt and looked like my skin was sunburned bad.  It's been coming and going for over a week now.

Today the migraine is almost gone on that right side of my head but the skin is starting to turn red and burn on the other left side of my neck now.

I had the buzzing/internal vibration symptoms about 3-4 weeks ago but then had a really great recovery week until this migraine/burning skin started hitting me out of the blue.  Thank goodness constantly using a cool wet washcloth helped with the burning feeling as I'm afraid to take any pain pills since they spike my blood pressure.  Blood pressure spikes is another post-coronavirus symptom that I'm trying to keep under control. Something Positive (that isn’t a test!)This pandemic as a whole has been a very negative experience. Does anyone have any positive stories, either a recovery, maybe something you’ve discovered about yourself or perhaps something you’re grateful for?

For me, absolutely. I’ve never been closer to my family than when I’ve been forced to separate from them. I’ve also totally reworked my diet to be more healthy and homemade, which will serve me well going forward. I’ve come to appreciate other people and their struggles a lot more and I’m way more empathetic with people. 

Additionally, my GF (asymptomatic) has been amazingly supportive of me while I’ve been sick. When this is over I’m marrying her so hard. Suffering symptoms for 7 weeks (50 days) , testing this evening. Body pain/Rash/Tight Chest/Heart racing.Hey so wanted to see what you all thought of this. I am 25m, otherwise completely healthy, fit, do lots of exercise. 

I was in California throughout most of Feb and just to preface it I was on antibiotics for about a month for strep which I had 19th of February, so i'm sure my immune system was already creating stress on my body. But I did feel relatively healthy up until the 19th/20th March and my test results were all normal on the 20th of March (bloods CBC/ differential etc)   

(I can track the dates of when I started feeling symptoms from my internet search history lol)

On the 20th of March felt a bit hot and sneezing a lot but thought nothing of it. 

On the 22nd, I flew back to the UK. 

On the 25th, I started feeling intense chest pain and arm pain. The arm pain was significant in that I had never felt that before. Specifically in my wrists. I had trouble breathing and my chest felt incredibly tight. Like something was squeezing my ribs together. This lasted for about a week. On and off shortness of breath. Chest tightness. Arm pain. 

5th of April, I start to feel muscle pains all over my body. Thighs, arms, back etc etc. 

13th of April, aching throat (not sore), heart palpations and racing (I have normally a slow heart rate of 54bpm) and shortness of breath. Let me just say that the shortness of breath is never like horrific, just present more obvious heavy breathing and a lot of the time i am trying to catch my breath like I have to yawn to catch it. 

15th of April- Nausea and abdominal Pain. Not being able to eat anything. 

20th of April- Itchy face that turns into a rash on my nose and cheeks (similar to lupus rash) but the rash is also on my neck and forehead and sides of my face. 

Then everything seemed to feel slightly better but thats when the nausea started again and I have had it on and off since then. I have also had random abdominal pain all over, left to right. Loss of appetite which is on and off. And random stools like not totally weird just look like theres some inflammation going on. The itchiness comes and goes. The body aches come and go but are most severe in my bones now. Sometimes armpit pain. I feel sometimes my skin is burning on my shoulders and arms like I have been sunburnt. Sometimes the burning is on my thighs to. Bloodshot eyes to. And heart racing when im just chilling or laying down. 

In the last two weeks its like my body doesn't know whether its recovering or not, for the last three days I havent been able to eat a thing, and when I do it makes nausea worse. Today I feel fatigue more than anything. Also random low grade mini fevers where I get really hot and nauseous for a few hours and then return to normal (so weird).

Let me also add that I have had lots of blood tests done. I had a ANA test which was negative and HIV test negative. Also all my blood are normal save my Bilirubin in slightly elevated (DR said I might Gilbert Syndrome)  and my WBC is normal apart from my absolute Monocytes are slightly lower than normal 1.7 (normal is 2-8%).  But all other bloods are completely normal... I have had multiple Chest scans, ECGS etc. Been to the ER, 3 times and Doctors 3 times. 

Anyways its been incredibly helpful to read here to get maybe some clarification on whats going on. I have been so utterly confused. Doctor has said that I probably have Corona and my test is it at 8pm tonight. I will update here, but even if it tests negative will hopefully be taking the new antibody one soon. 

The reason I didnt think it was corona was because I thought it only lasted two weeks? And I havent coughed once. But anyway maybe we can discuss here if you been having it similar. 

:) Two Negative Tests—Now What?Hey there!

20 year old male here

Symptoms started for me on May 2nd. I got tested on May 4th after a little SOB caused me great concern (deep nose swab in one nostril only) and it came back negative. Chest X-ray appeared totally normal

I went back home and just decided to ride out the symptoms. Over the course of 10 days or so, here’s what I experienced:

- Chills
- Chest Pain (in lungs and heart)
- Very light SOB
- Dizziness
- Loss of Appetite
- Loss of Taste and Smell
- Abdomen tension/light pain
- Kidney Pressure
- Slight Brain Fog
- Increased Heart Rate when doing activity (never passed 120. Resting heart rate would be from 70-80)
- Heart Palpitations (the rhythm was always steady, just that I could feel my heart beating occasionally)
- Occasional fatigue, but that was mostly due to my recent lack of sleep cause of anxiety.

I never got a fever—my highest recorded temperature was 98.6. I’ve been very lucky that I can still get up and do what I need to do most of the time, it’s just the anxiety caused by worst-case scenario fear from my symptoms that’s been a bother.

The past 3 days or so I’ve felt quite a bit better, but the heart palpitations scared me, so I went and got tested again (same method) and it came back negative. Doc listened to my lungs, said they sounded perfectly normal, and a urine analysis and EKG also both came back normal and without cause for concern.

Right now, my only symptom is the occasional heart palpitation, but otherwise I’m starting to feel like myself. I’ve got my appetite back and I’m able to do my school work! I’m definitely trying to not push my luck and over exert myself, but I’m hopeful. 

My main question is: do you think I’m still contagious? I’m in an apartment with 2 roommates, but of which have avoided getting sick 🤔 could these symptoms be just anxiety or caused by something else? I know the tests can be a little iffy, but two false negatives seems a bit unlikely, don’t you think? Either way, can’t wait until antibody tests become both common and accurate so that I can really get to the bottom of this.

Hang in there y’all! You’re all strong and amazing human beings that are more than capable of beating this :) don’t forgot to try and feel like yourself and do the things you love if they don’t exert you too much! Covid Toes but negative antibody test - 27(m)[removed] Covid Toes (4 weeks) but Negative Antibody Test (2 days ago)[removed] Hey Presumeds, available tests (US) are not the final say. You're not making this up.Hi all, 

Day-Lost-Count (3/20) here. I've been presumed positive since 3/29. Developed chest heft and constriction, dry spasmodic cough, lost most taste (I was drinking hot sauce, dammit) and smell, headaches, fatigue, wacky elevated heart-rate. 
I still wake up with the headaches, and I still have a mild cough from the afternoon to the evening. I get lightheaded when I stand-up. 

I got a PCR (an indifferently done throat-only) on Day 37 (negative), and I got a qualitative-only Abbott ELISA IgG antibody this week (negative). I was never looking for immunity or permission to work, just validation and to soothe my anxieties over being sick for so long. I ordered a full CDC and metabolic panel and I do recommend that if you have the cash. Everything was okay and in range. Best decision I made in all this disappointment, because at least I can cling to that.

I also spoke to a cancer research friend of mine after this most recent negative, who said that a lot of bugs won't trigger a Lymphocyte B-Cell reaction, even if you feel completely crummy. I think we're just chewing through this one with our innate system (which is almost everything else). I very likely had low viral load, and high clearance. I still feel grubby, but I'm going to be okay, and if you're in the same boat as me, I think you are too. 

I still believe I'm presumed. I mean, I haven't had viral pneumonia just out of the blue since the 1990s, I never got sick in this order of symptoms, and I'm otherwise quite the athlete. Maybe we're just collateral damage here from products rushed to market and an incomplete picture of the disease.   

Just want to say, keep your chin up. My mom's test result came back "inconclusive"??My 70 year old mom had diarrhea/gas/bloating for 2-3, but no other symptoms. Her stomach stuff is mostly better, but is still going on a little bit now. 

She assumed there was some sort of issue going on and made a doctors' appointment for a colonoscopy. She had to wait a couple weeks because elective procedures were not allowed via lockdown rules at the time.

They had her get tested for Covid-19 as a prerequisite of having the procedure done. Her results came back today as "inconclusive." Does anyone know what this means? The result is quite surprising. Also my dad has not shown any symptoms, and they of course been around each other this whole time. Should I even go get tested now?It was Wednesday May 6th when I first started with the sore throat and by that weekend I had that, a slight cough, shortness of breath off and on, migraine headaches constantly, gastro symptoms, body aches, and lastly, a low grade fever of 99.5 at the highest. Saturday night, literally almost a week ago now, I did the NYS department of health covid assessment and based on my symptoms was told I needed to be tested and someone would contact me. Monday I called my doctor to update him (I'm a little bit higher risk so he's been keeping an eye on me via telemed and phone since March). He concurred with the test decision and said he was putting in an order for me to go more close to home than dept of health was going to. But since then I haven't heard anything. And meanwhile for the most part I feel 100% better. 
I was really skeptical this was even covid until reading some threads in here and realizing I've had some weird symptoms y'all have described such as the burning chemical smell in my nose. Now I'm pretty sure and I was told to assume I'm positive and quarantine completely for 14 days. But I feel like the test would be a waste at this point. Should I just wait and have an antibody test later? 
Interestingly also this is not the first time I've had full blown covid symptoms during lockdown. I had them worse in March, then deemed to get better although the shortness of breath and gastro symptoms stuck around, and my voice was hoarse until recently. Body buzzing/vibrating feelingToday I'm at nearly day 60 of this hell and I woke up with a strange sensation as though my whole body was vibrating. It is more palpable with my eyes closed and I can only describe the feeling as the same as though if you were drunk or on some sort of narcotic plus there is what feels like an actual body vibration.

Can anyone relate? How long did this last? Suggestion for people with ongoing symptoms - Get a full blood test and urinary exam doneI'm going to get tested for antibodies next week and going to get blood work done. I've been having waves of symptoms for about 4-5 weeks now of sore throat, dizziness, lightheadedness, chest pain, diarrhea etc. I talked to a doctor about it and believes it could be post viral and wants me to get an antibody test done and blood work. 

For anyone who's having similar issues, it doesn't hurt to get full blood work done. The virus I'm sure depletes you of many resources and you may be deficient in many nutrients you don't know of. I think getting full blood work done can help clear up why you might still be having some lingering symptoms that might not have went away.  A lot of people here recommend taking Vitamin D but no one suggests taking Magnesium with it as vitamin D depletes your magnesium levels pretty fast. I feel many people might be taking advice of extra vitamins but don't know what negative effects it might be having on you as well. Just my suggestion to try helping you clear things up as I know for a lot of people this is scary that symptoms aren't shaking off.

I'll update with my results when I get them back.

Stay safe and healthy everyone! Saliva issues?So, I got a reprieve from my mucus for a whole 24 hours (small miracles)!!! But while it’s been around, I’ve been really diligent about spitting up post-nasal drip as it happens, and may be overdoing it? Some days I’ve had a ton of excess saliva production, and others I’ll have extreme dry mouth after spitting out mucus before I go to bed, even after drinking like 4 liters of water during the day and sleeping directly next to a humidifier. Just frustrated and confused at this point. The media is taking noticehttps://apnews.com/9dc40e49a313a2e47fff50c4e702d5ee?utm_source=piano&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_campaign=morningwire&amp;pnespid=iOZ18OUJCQ_NUZDqPiS.F2Pf9uI6hXcDaKcyGwm4 Has anyone tested positive after Day 60?I’m in a testing circle right now. I’ve lost a lot of weight since being sick (~25 lbs) so my PCP wants me to get bloodwork. But to go to a lab requires you to be symptom free (which obviously I am not), so in order to get blood work done, I needed to get another covid test done. The last one was taken in the ER and was negative - that was a nasal swab. I just took a throat swab this afternoon. Wondering how likely it is this far out that it would even show anything? Still sucks though! Worried there’s no end in this for meI’m really struggling mentally today. I talk the 2-month mark for me, and all my symptoms have been consistent and ever-present, including a cough with clear thick phlegm, post-nasal drip mucus with blood, tachycardia, waking up shaking and hear pounding, no appetite, and GI problems. Nothing has changed/subsided. I know there are long-term cases, especially on here, but for the most part it seems like at this stage people are getting on/off problems, with things getting better with some setbacks. I haven’t had a fever this whole time. And it’s been so hard to eat/sleep to fight this thing. When I think I’m doing/eating the right thing, I feel worse than before the next day. I’m afraid my body hasn’t been fighting it at all and that I’m just experiencing the 10-day stage in weeks rather than days. I’m on disability leave now. It’s so disheartening. Every time I take a walk and come back home I get a horrible headache, muscle pains, back pains and feel unwell. Why is physical activity making me feel worse?Symptoms started a month ago. Back pains, a dry cough, fever, shortness of breath etc. Fever and cough is gone so I've started talking walks in the sun and when I get home I feel so much worse. It's like all my symptoms come back with a vengeance with horrible to touch headaches, muscle pains, back pains and feel very unwell.

Does anyone else get this? What is the explanation to this? Developed really bad anxiety from presumed virusPresumed to have had the virus for about  2 -3 weeks it all started the 20th of April not sure when anxiety kicked in 
 
Never had anxiety before , always been healthy, but the virus was a really bad experience. For a while a good amount of the symptoms I thought were from the virus were actually anxiety and It got worse until I figured it out. 

Now I feel the feeling of disassociation all the time which is the worst and I just want to feel normal again. The disassociation brings on thoughts and anxiety cause Idk when this will go away. 

Primary doctor prescribed me to Lexipro and Klonofin at a .25 dose. Lexipro will be long term and Klonofin short term. 

Thing is I never had to take any type of pills and I’m nervous as Fck because Klonofin is a benzo and I know they can be addictive. Some of it is anxiety and some of me really being worried. 

Any tips, I just need a second opinions (62 Days 24M) So glad I found this subI work as security for Kaiser and worked in the ER before this whole situation got crazy. Been feeling iffy since march 13 and it got progressively worse and as of recently better. Its been such a lonely feeling but knowing others are going through this is so nice. 

Im a fairly healthy 24M youngster besides my occasional binge drinking at rave festivals. Always workout and eat healthy. Get over sicknesses fast.  So here's my journey.

March 12-13 : Feel kinda sick, kinda feverish but it never fully hit. 

March 13- April 1st: Weird chest feelings. It varied a lot through this time. Feelings of resistance while breathing, like i couldnt breath in as deep as i wanted or take in as much air as I wanted. Cold waves and dull pains in my chest/throat area. Kinda felt at times like a warm persistent heart burn. At times i would get sickish again and feel a fever pull up, but the fever never fully hit. Took lots of dayquil and niquil during this time. Took a COVID test at fire fighters  site, negative.

April 1-12ish: Still feeling weird chest feelings so I took another test at another fire fighter station (RIP my nose hole) negative again. Hit called er a couple days later cause i still felt it. Went to urgent care pop up tent. They gave me abuteral and thought it was bronchitis. Worked for the first two days. Then after that, it fucked my nerves up and made me extremely anxious and made it harder to breath!!! Stopped abuteral. Total lack of appetite this whole time, had to force feed myself and fight through the stomach pain. Was pretty bad tbh. 

April 12ish- April 21: Symptoms worsened at about april 16. Started to feel extremely fatigued, something I've never felt in my life before. Usually get over a flu in 3 days, a week at most. Huge headaches lasting through the day. Cold sweats and this feeling of never being comfortable with the temperature I was in. No appetite, none. Had to force feed and drink smoothies. Smoothies are a good send and made me feel better. Horrible stomach pain and lots of pain in stomach and liver. Diahrea and nauseous at times. Didn't help my housing situation sucked and my roommates all smoked marajuana around me while I suspected I had bronchitis. Finally had a mental breakdown on 4/20 when my roommates guests woke me up at 4am while I felt like shit and didnt let me sleep the day before too. Left and moved back home.

April 21- May 7: Felt pretty shitty moving back, but my family was so supportive it help me out a lot. I started to feel better and went back to work on the 29th even though i didnt feel ready. Next day woke up and felt horrible again. It pushed back my recovery about 4-5 days I'd say. The last week of april and first week of may were the worst. Any physical activity whether it was standing up and moving/standing destroyed me, a person who spends 2 hours at the gym normally almost daily getting destroyed by little physical effort. Was extremely worrying and I thought I was dying from cancer or something serious. Or even mono. Throughout this time I was talking to a doctor. He first told me to wait it out, then got blood test, and everything seemed fine. Good CBC test and no mono or diabetes. Still felt iffy though.

May8-13: My best day so far was may 9. Had my appetite back and ate decent. My stomach didnt hurt or anything!!! The extreme fatigue also seemed to go away too. But since then the headaches, and feelings of chest weirdness are still there. I feel this weird cold but warm feeling in my chest at times, like its stuck at the back bottom of my throat. I also walked around my block on saterday, felt really weak and kind of like I was floating. Once i got home i had a huge headache and felt really fatigued. But since I was feeling better and had taken 3 straight weeks off of work, I went to work again yesterday. Didn't feel like i should have gone back but tested it since new doctor replacing my usual doc until the weekend said to just try and test going to work and seeing how I felt.

Didn't feel all too well, but just enough to get by. Woke up today with an appetite and a headache (sadly becoming a usual thing as of lately) feeling really cold, and just kind of like a cold was coming on. So i called out. My feelings fluctuate throughout the day. Sometimes i feel pretty normally, other times like complete shit with a throbbing headache. I'll lay down and just rest until i feel better. 

I guess as of right now I feel better and am slowly seeing my recovery get better, feels really slow though. But thankfully Im gaining my appetite back and my stomach is slowly accepting food again. The headaches, fatigue, and unwellness feelings still persistent though. Fingers crossed that they get better though. 

The most stressful thing of this is it lasting so long. At this point im the bread winner of the house who is the only one with a job. And I feel the stress and pressure to get well already and go to work and provide. Its also stressful to not know wtf I have. Im assuming covid (and some of the docs ive seen assume too) is the cause given my line of work and given the situation the whole world is in right now. Also seeing subs like this relate so hard to me makes me think covid. 


It's really calming and grounding to know im not the only one going through this, its so lonely and hopeless at times going through this never ending sickness. Makes me value life so much more and sympthize for those ill with other things. I just hope my parents already dealt with this sickness and dont get fucked by it. My mom has lots of health issues and my dad has mucus problems. I feel like it would hurt them severely and the thought of that kills me inside. But ending on a positive not, thanks to everyone sharing your experiences. It helps me and many other feel hope and together. Here's to everyone getting better sooner than later!!! c:

. Any doctors in this forumAre there any Doctors on this forum. Wonder why the mainstream doctors and healthcare professionals haven’t caught up on these symptoms - GI &amp; Cardiac. Most of the health care professionals I’ve talked to are still looking at typical symptoms. Am I missing anything ? Am I Still Contagious?Hello, I am new to reddit so I apologize if this post is out of place...

So I (18F) have had Covid symptoms (fatigue, fever, SOB, chest pain/tightness, mild GI, headache, sore throat, ect) going on 7.5 weeks now. 

At Day 26 I had two tests done and they were both negative, however, given the time it took to get tested and my symptoms my doctor still assumes I am/was positive and no longer “shedding the virus”. 

A few days after I was tested, I started to improve. It was up and down for a bit but the last several days I have maintained moderate fatigue and a low grade fever. 

I know that recovery can take a long time but here’s the question:  Am I contagious????

CDC guidelines don’t clarify for my situation and i’m not sure what to do. (ie two neg tests, but with persisting (reduced) symptoms)

I feel like I have to start to return to life (I have an important class starting next week) but I obviously wouldn’t put others in danger of getting sick. I am so conflicted. More focus needs to be on long term cases if we are serious about reopening.As the title says, I can’t see a path forward until there’s more focus on long time symptomatic people. So many times I see the question asked “am I still contagious. The only answer I ever see or hear is “we don’t know.”

I cannot see how we will be successful in reopening to if so many people have to essentially flip a coin or just assuming they are no longer contagious. Otherwise, if you have any symptoms at all, you essentially are trapped in isolation indefinitely. Both solutions suck. Either you could infect people because “eh, I’ve felt fine for a week” or you are a prisoner of your own body. People who are 50,60,70 days out could very likely not be contagious, as I don’t recall many viruses being contagious that far out. Anyone else had off and on again persistant upset stomachI got symptoms before mass testing was available. Primarily a week of diarheah (I don't know why spellcheck can't correct this), felt flushed, fatigue and nasal congestion. Did a e-survey for a doctor who said I may have it. 

After about 2 weeks I felt good. Then on Monday I went for a run not long after eating dinner. Since Monday night my stomach has been upset again. Never experienced these kind of symptoms before in my life. Had really bad acid reflux as well, basically had to sleep more upright. Not overweight, in fact likely underweight. Wasn't binge eating in Monday. 

Probably get a test tomorrow if my stomach is still upset. 

Anyone else experience this? 38/M - Ill from 3/1 to 4/15 - back to 100% by 4.16, now feeling worse againSo both me and my doctor presume that I came down with COVID on March 1.  I was back to 90% by April 1 - and oscillated between feeling 90-100% until I finally felt completely better on April 15.  On May 7 the light sore throat began to return, followed by lethargy and stomach cramping, along with pretty much all the prior symptoms.  As was the case originally, the stomach cramping is by far the worst symptom predicting the onset of others.   It seems to be getting a bit worse again day by day, but still severity is a full notch lower than mid-March (and no pounding headache or fever thankfully).

I did test negative on 3/26 - after almost a full month of symptoms.  My doc still thinks it's Covid though, and that I was just no longer shedding by the time testing.  Just got the antibody test today and waiting on results.

It's very frustrating to see the regression.  Anyone else felt completely better for 2 weeks, only to have it all come back?

Below are some details:

\- Traveled to our largest in-state cluster at the time just before symptoms started (Eagle County - Vail, CO on 2/29)  
\- Three different doctors have identified this as a viral infection. I had negative test results for flu (on two different occasions), Mono, CMV, and all viruses on common respiratory viral panel (included rhinovirus - resp. for most common colds)  
\- Symptoms consistent with some cases I've read about, but have come in waves of varying lengths throughout. The most prominent for me throughout has certainly been GI related. The nausea seems to serve as a pre-cursor to a wave of the other symptoms I experience, and is the last symptom to go away at the end of a wave (pretty much constant nausea for the worst periods) . I've had a low grade fever (max 100 on only one occasion), dry cough , headache, sore throat, light headedness/feverish/fatigued feeling during these waves.

Below is the play by play -

3/1 - woke up with slight dry cough. Nausea (stomach growling type) began on this day, very intense, followed by liquid diarrhea. This is the only day I've had diarrhea.

3/2 - 3/4 - Would start day with morning sore throat, which would resolve itself in an hour of so of waking. Waves began and continued to increase in severity, but still felt pretty normal between waves. Symptoms - nausea (stomach growling), headache, dry cough.

3/5 - 3/7 - Same wave like symptoms continued, but more intense and not returning to feeling normal in between (fatigue became persistent). I took my first negative flu test on 3/5. Doctor was not concerned about Covid due to the GI symptoms and no fever yet. On 3/6 I began to run a low-grade fever (99-99.5) between each wave.

3/8 - 3/10 - Symptoms began to become less intense and less frequent. I was still running low grade fevers during mild waves on 3/8, but I didn't spike anything over 98.8 on 3/9 and 3/10.

3/11 - 3/13 - Symptoms became more intense and waves longer/more frequent once again (and more so than the 3.5 - 3.7 period). Low grade fever spikes resumed, briefly touching 100 on 3/13. Visited doctor again on 3/11 and tested negative for flu again, mono, and others mentioned above. Doctor said I may have COVID, but didn't qualify for testing. He told me to continue self-quarantine. 3/13 was the worst day so far, dry cough, sore throat, headache were active all day - like one long wave.

3/14 - 3/16 - Once again symptoms waves decreased in length, number and severity. I actually went a full 24 hours without any waves, 3/15 to 3/16.

3/17 - Felt normal almost all day, then stomach growling and light headedness/headache/sore throat/increased dry coughing returned late afternoon. I briefly touched 99 this morning (with no feverish feeling), but most of the day normal temperature (98-98.6). Tonight I've gotten two intense waves again and nausea is back at the level it was last week (possibly slightly more severe). Otherwise, it seems to be in the range of the 3.5 to 3.7 period.

3/18  - 3/31 -  the continual oscillation of symptoms continued for the rest of the month, with each wave gradually decreasing in severity.  Nasal swab test taken on 3/26 - negative.

4/1 - 4/15 - I was feeling pretty good most of the time, other than some minor, short symptom waves.  I'd say I felt between 90%- 97% of normal.

4/15 - 5/6- I felt pretty much completely well.  If I was still having waves, they were not noticable. 

5/7 - Started to feel a very slight off/on sore throat come back.

5/8 - Started to experience light stomach cramps as well.

5/9 - Was the first day I felt like oh shit, this is coming back.  Light lethargy, cough (mostly wet/productive coughs this go round) and some light headaches appeared again.  All of these are coming and going in the same waves as in March - just much duller.

5/10 - 5/12 - Symptoms still present but seemed lighter than the weekend.

5/13 - Today severity kicked up a notch.  I feel the worst I've felt since 3/31 - stomach cramps and lethargy are much more intense today.  I'm starting to feel lightly feverish again at times - but no elevated temp yet.

Once again, just wondering if anyone has seen this return of symptoms after feeling consistently better for 2 weeks and how long the second bout lasted? Question to those with asthmaI have had shortness of breath for about 4-5 weeks now and it is beginning to subside a bit, but remains constantly. My Covid test was negative but my doctor said it could have been a false negative.

 After a visit to the ER due to severe SOB, clots were ruled out and my lungs were completely clear of fluid based on a chest x ray and CT scan. I never had any other covid symptoms. I saw a specialist today that believes I actually have asthma. I've had a history of allergies but never tested for asthma. I've been given a steroid puffer for now until I can go for a pulmonary function test. I'm nervous that if it were the virus (and not asthma) and my body was successfully fighting it off, throwing a steroid puffer into the mix could impact my body's immuity or mask worsening breathing symptoms.

Any thoughts? Tachycardia should be added to the official symptom list of coronavirus Stay positive on the recovery journey still notice some strange symptoms: Cold /numbness in toes and fingersI started this covid19 journey on the 16th March, think I started to feel more like myself from week5... still not 100% which sucks, but I stay positive as most flare ups are manageable.

I am wondering if anyone experiencing numbness in the fingers/toes? (Pins and needles) extremely cold toes, if so did it go away ? What you use to manage the symptoms 

Other symptoms (how I feel) I still have flare ups: headache, warm head ( no fever), head pressure seems to be generated from inner ear.. dizziness/lightheaded, increased heart rate when walking, needs for deep breath but not always able to take it all in 

Tests done around week4/5: xRay clear, blood oxygen perfect, all other blood work ok (including d-Dimer), echocardiogram done seems all good 

I guess only time will heal my body..appreciate if you have tips to share together Advice for caregivers of Positive family memberMy partner was tested yesterday-  we now wait for the results. He has had diarrhea first day, fever bouncing all around up to 104 (Tylenol is keeping it down), burning eyes, headaches, night sweats, aches, chills, dizziness when moving too much. We are on day 4 of symptoms today and he is starting a dry cough and chest tightness but not bad. 
Good things: he is fairly healthy, we have a pulse oximeter (readings still good), and we have a best friend who is an ER Dr so she has been guiding us through the clinical what to expect and look for. She also is concerned about his viral load due to the high fever so I am not going in room at all and if I have any contact to pick up dishes etc. I am to wear a n95, goggles, gloves, and hair covering. That info was terrifying.
Any advice for me as a caregiver to him? I try to keep him eating, keep texting him when he texts, we call a few times a day. We took a small card table and chair in the bedroom so he has somewhere different to sit. What else can I do to help him be as comfortable as possible? Any tips or tricks you found helpful from your experiences? 
Also- if you had a positive test did they automatically test your family or not unless they showed symptoms? I have teenagers who I worry are showing very mild symptoms but no fever. This entire situation has me feeling so many emotions and only creating more questions. I know that is normal. Nearly 9 weeks. I’m feeling better, but I now have a dull ache in my lower leg, almost like cramp. Anyone else experienced this?I was going to get some more tests done at the hospital but I was feeling better so I thought I’d wait to see how I felt and now I’m worried about this. Any students here going through what I’m going?Having summer college courses is both a blessing and a curse in that it keeps me busy but it’s damn hard keeping up while also looking out for my health and dealing with all these symptoms. I’m already falling behind in my classes cause yesterday I just wanted nothing more than to sleep during my class discussion. It doesn’t help that I’ve asked the professor for due date extensions two days ago and he hasn’t responded yet. 28M Mass. Confirmed Positive by Doctor. 2 Negative tests, waiting on third. Day 14It's been a long journey. It's probably more like day 30+ at least of fatigue and extreme muscle aches but it's day 14 of shortness of breath. Day 7 of lungs burning and chest pain. Anxiety about this is through the roof and it's all scary to me. FYI 28M, cyclist, 165lbs 5'8. No cycling for me at the moment! 

Yesterday was first in person visit to a COVID center (non-ER) to finally get a checkup after testing negative twice (Quest). A generally feel okay in the morning, brother is an EMT, sister is an RN, and I consult them very frequently to help distinguish anxiety from actual health problems. It's been a mix of having really bad days and okay days. But never able to do more than walk around the house. However, we all decided this is allergy induced asthma, and i'm going to take my flovent, albuterol, flonase, and Allegra. Which haven't really been doing much and it's odd that my asthma all of the sudden returns after about 20 years of not having it. So I made an appointment just to be sure I don't have un-related pneumonia because that's what it feels like to me, and if it's bacterial...gotta get that taken care of. 

Went to primary care respiratory center, n95, safety glasses, gloves, hand sanitizer, and all. They wear full PPE, get you from your car, and escort you straight to the room to be seen by Doctor.

Told him my story, he listened to my lungs, and he said I have COVID no question. I'm absolutely miserable but I was actually a little surprised given that I don't have a cough or fever. Just awful shortness of breath and my lungs are on fire, muscle/joint pain, and i'm clammy AF. My lungs are crackling like pneumonia and he said it probably won't show up on the Xray and he was right. COVID pneumonia when it's mild like mine is in small patches, not like traditional where there will be a big black spot on the Xray. 

Anyways, doing Ok. SP02 &gt;98, Blood work came back fine, he did not do an anti-body test, lymphocytes are 28.2 which is on the lower side of the scale but still okay and same with basophils. But i'm not a Dr. so can't comment. 

I listen to the advice of Chris Masterjohn, PHD nutritionist who seems to really know what he's researching. His suggestion is actually not any more C or D than you get from diet or sunlight, but to take 900mg of echinacea, zinc lozenge every hour (totaling 60-100mg), 1 clove of garlic a day, 1000mg of elderberry, and liquid copper. Anyone else heard of him? His research is all based on ACE-2 and replication of the virus. Basically some things can create more ACE-2 receptors which is bad and the above either block the spike or slow down/void replication. Thoughts? Zinc seems to be the most helpful by far. Anyone else experiencing joint stiffness/pain in hands and fingers?[removed] InsomniaAnyone been suffering from Insomnia. I’ve been on day 63 and still can barely sleep 2-3 hours each night. Just wake up after 2-3 hours and wide awake lying on the bed. Taken Melatonin and also Doxalymine Succinate (Sleep aid) and nothing seems to work. 
When awake at night if I put my head on pillow can hear fluid sounds and heart beats in my ears (Tinnusitis apparently). Also by morning my fingers are all swollen. Just wondering if anyone else has this going on too. 
Not sure what wakes me up but after it does I’m wide awake. Also when sleeping most weirdest dreams. 
Kindly share your thoughts and if you did anything that helped. Tachycardia emerging 40+ days in?Hey all,

I’m a 28M. I suspect that I’ve been battling covid since April 1 based on what doctors have told me. Despite this, I’ve tested negative twice- once on 4/1, once on 5/2. Symptoms over the last month have included SOB, chest tightness, intermittent fevers, GI issues, fatigue. No flu I’ve ever experienced has led to these symptoms simultaneously.

Most recently, I’ve had heart palpitations over the last week, and this morning had tachycardia for the first time. My pulse wouldn’t dip below 115 even in a resting position, and would dart up to 140-50 when upright and walking. Fever was also over 100.

I went to an urgent care, and am awaiting bloodwork results (including an antibodies test). EKG only revealed a fast heart rate, and my x rays were good.

This is a long winded way of asking if anyone else has had Tachycardia emerge so late in the recovery process? And if anyone else’s recovery has followed a similar arm, that’d be awesome to hear as well. Question for those with GI symptomsHi, I’ve been experiencing some GI symptoms around last 5 days. Abdominal Pain, Excessive Gas, Lack of Appetite, and today Diarrhea. I’ve had no fever whatsoever. I’m 24 no pre-existing conditions and otherwise healthy. Worried Respiratory symptoms could start at some point. Has anybody had respiratory symptoms with GI symptoms? Being I’m 24 with no Pre existing conditions and healthy I should be able to survive if respiratory issues flare, correct? Just looking for a little insight. Really scared it could take a turn for the worse and about to have a panic attack. Does chest tightness ever go away?Just want to breathe normally again. :( Has anyone noticed increased BP (Blood Pressure)My diastolic has suddenly since the heart issues began been around 95. Systolic stays normal but Diastolic especially at nights starts to peak. Anyone else in the same situation and have you taken any meds to manage that. I have a compromised immune system from MS medication, my perspective (trigger warning - just my opinion and experience)[removed] Anyone have muscle spasms while sleeping?Hi everyone,

Please delete if not allowed! 

My husband (42M) and I (35F) are presumed positive. I’m on Day 11 and he is on Day 4. I didn’t have muscle spasms so I’m not sure if it is part of Covid or if it could be something else. 

My husband was so tired tonight, he fell asleep (in bed) with his computer on his lap. I don’t want to wake him because, for me, for a couple of days, it was hard to get to sleep, and then even harder to get back to sleep... and I would have been annoyed if someone woke me up to ask if my muscle spasms were weird.

I didn’t notice he’d fallen asleep until I felt the bed shake a little and saw his leg was twitching. Moved the computer, but his leg keeps twitching. It starts with his foot shaking slightly and travels up his leg and into his hand. It was happening about once every 25-30 seconds and now it’s about every 3-5 minutes.  

I’m having an impossible time finding out if muscle twitching is common... or if one sided muscle twitching is bad...? He’s been complaining of muscle aches, but no twitching til now. Anyone else?

Thank you! COVID-19: 3-drug combo treatment may be successfulThe results of the new multicenter, prospective, open-label, randomized trial now appear in the journal The Lancet.

The researchers recruited 127 participants between February 10 and March 20, 2020. These participants came from six hospitals in Hong Kong, China, where doctors had tested them for SARS-CoV-2 and obtained positive results.

On average, 5 days passed between the onset of symptoms and the start of treatment with the drug combination.

The team randomly assigned 86 of the participants to a group that received the combination and 41 of the participants to a control group.

In the combination group, participants took a combination of “lopinavir 400 \[milligrams (mg)\] and ritonavir 100 mg every 12 \[hours\], ribavirin 400 mg every 12 \[hours\], and three doses of 8 million international units of interferon beta-1b on alternate days.” The treatment lasted for 14 days.

In the control group, participants took lopinavir 400 mg and ritonavir 100 mg every 12 hours, also for 14 days.  
[\#Covid19](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/covid19?source=feed_text&amp;epa=HASHTAG&amp;__xts__%5B0%5D=68.ARDmbiWc_MZlrY4PptXMuVU1FlINK_MTx5VuEMTyO4xyCyZy3CPaqNGFwZuOwXb2f4OQDHZJ47B65889OLReJgGFmB-zenkp5bGhaSc3Fo57tI8TvrePR_rY5l-50laCm6LM8ayY-UtCSPA9ehdEo2um1e-QRBwHrQnycgE1rg99Bw56iRdlCLhMnspHFRNudztkuzExX5MiZTLezHg8FJJ8v4R8lAPsdpsMSCDvw6U3PLksM4lqrJNPpVQ6iB82SO-Pqmu7ULRdyFpGGbqCNVvptC1OF60bjyeEUUB4tO3JObmlfprUkpxBLZn922BS0nw&amp;__tn__=%2ANK-R) [\#Covid19update](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/covid19update?source=feed_text&amp;epa=HASHTAG&amp;__xts__%5B0%5D=68.ARDmbiWc_MZlrY4PptXMuVU1FlINK_MTx5VuEMTyO4xyCyZy3CPaqNGFwZuOwXb2f4OQDHZJ47B65889OLReJgGFmB-zenkp5bGhaSc3Fo57tI8TvrePR_rY5l-50laCm6LM8ayY-UtCSPA9ehdEo2um1e-QRBwHrQnycgE1rg99Bw56iRdlCLhMnspHFRNudztkuzExX5MiZTLezHg8FJJ8v4R8lAPsdpsMSCDvw6U3PLksM4lqrJNPpVQ6iB82SO-Pqmu7ULRdyFpGGbqCNVvptC1OF60bjyeEUUB4tO3JObmlfprUkpxBLZn922BS0nw&amp;__tn__=%2ANK-R) [\#coronavirus](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/coronavirus?source=feed_text&amp;epa=HASHTAG&amp;__xts__%5B0%5D=68.ARDmbiWc_MZlrY4PptXMuVU1FlINK_MTx5VuEMTyO4xyCyZy3CPaqNGFwZuOwXb2f4OQDHZJ47B65889OLReJgGFmB-zenkp5bGhaSc3Fo57tI8TvrePR_rY5l-50laCm6LM8ayY-UtCSPA9ehdEo2um1e-QRBwHrQnycgE1rg99Bw56iRdlCLhMnspHFRNudztkuzExX5MiZTLezHg8FJJ8v4R8lAPsdpsMSCDvw6U3PLksM4lqrJNPpVQ6iB82SO-Pqmu7ULRdyFpGGbqCNVvptC1OF60bjyeEUUB4tO3JObmlfprUkpxBLZn922BS0nw&amp;__tn__=%2ANK-R) Persisting heart palpitations and tachyardia. Have been checked out by a cardiologist who couldn't find anything wrong with my heart. Resting heart rate at 95-100, goes up to 140 just by standing up. Anyone else?I've been sick since March in what is probably covid, and something thats been coming on in the last couple of week is a fast heart rate and heart palpitations.

A couple of days ago I couldn't take it anymore and went to the ER. I was directly referred to the cardiology unit and they did a lot of tests. Ultra sound, CT scan ECG, 24 hour ECG for several days and couldn't find anything. They also did lots of tests on my blood work and everything looks fine. I had slightly elevated white blood cells but they have since come down to a normal rate.

They did a test where they measured my blood pressure and pulse when I was lying down and then when I was standing up for 10 minutes.

My bp lying down was 120/95 and pulse was 100. Standing up my bp went down to 80/60 and my pulse went up to 140. I wasn't doing anything physically, just standing up.

The doctors said they didn't find anything and thinks it's a rest symptom from covid so I was sent home and will go back in a month to do a follow up.

I don't know what to do anymore. I still have this high pulse and just going for a walk outside is a challenge. It's been two months since onset of my symptoms and there's no evidence what so ever that I'm getting better. ReinfectedI originally had symptoms in February after unnerving  an international customers from the air port.  This was mid February.

104 fever.
insane sore throat.
Horrible body pains 
Not able to breathe 
Bright red itchy toes (covid toes)
7 days in the hospital and I was released on various antibiotics by IV and oral. A multitude of drugs. I start seeing improvement, I could not get tested for Covid. It was too early. 

I make a bad mistake. After I recovered, I did not clean my sleep apnea mask.  Within days, I became horribly sick again. Identical symptoms . Again the Covid Toe was a first sign it was back besides the fevers. I then transition to a breathing machine.

I am still told I can not get tested this was mid March. 

Today. I am well, it took me months to battle this infection. Most of the time, drs and hospitals sent me back hone.

I don’t know how I managed to live. I am awaiting antibody test while still on breathing machine. 

People say it’s not possible to reinfect yourself. I absolutely did. My employer is asking questions that make me wonder if they think I am faking.I was tested at a drive thru center last week after I've started with shortness of breath, chest pains, feeling feverish, chills, shaky feeling inside and extreme fatigue.

I work in alarm and CCTV systems. My company didnt get us any PPE until after Louisiana was #1 in rising cases. My job brought me in contact with hundreds of people spanning the state from Baton Rouge to Lake Charles to Houma to Shreveport. 

I don't currently have a doctor so I called the local call center and was sent to a test and am now waiting for results.

The owner of my company has called three times in a week wondering why the testing takes so long and that they have 15 minute tests and this is awfully strange. 

Today I called my old doctor today because the chest pains were a little worse yesterday and I got a bit worried. 

They wouldn't see me, told me to stay in quarentine unless it's an emergency.

Meanwhile my employer is now asking for doctor's notes that I can't get.

I really really wanna tell these fools to take a hike because my health is more important than someone's smart home system but I am afraid of losing my income(company still paying me a base salary but I'm losing thousands in weekend work).

I'm just curious how some of you have handled work with COVID testing/positive. Tested negative twice. Doctor wonders if it's rheumatoid or thyroid problems.32 / Male / NYC / Symptomatic for 43 days (Chest tightness / burning / pressure, shortness of breath, low grade fever, rib aches, nausea, fatigue).

Got a third Covid test today. All vitals look good and no sign of acute infection in my lungs, heart, etc. My doctor recommended consulting an Infectious Disease expert and start investigating if this could be a Rheumatoid or Thyroid disease. Has anyone else explored this path? If so, what have you learned? Does anyone know how long Sars recovery was? Strange feeling when waking up.Just after I take my first breaths after weaning up I have this feeling in my lung like I have to reinflate it. I take a deep breath and it seems like there's something sticky inside that I have to pull apart. After the first breath it becomes normal until I sleep again. Anyone's shortness of breath worse after eating?SOB has been my only symptom with this whole thing. I was advised I may have had a false negative test. Never had a fever, cough, sore throat, etc. I am trying to find patterns in my SOB in case I don't have Covid.

Edit: I was already checked for pulmonary embolism and heart issues with ECG, CT scan, chest x ray, and echo. Been 3 weeks of SOB. My temperature is 96.7 F—should I be concernedJust got a really intense dizzy spell and now my head hurts a little bit. I took my temperature to try and get an indicator of what was going on and it read as 96.7. Earlier this week, my standard temperature (and I think my average temperature when I’m not sick?) was 97.5

Should I be concerned about a lower reading? Seems like most people are getting higher ones. Has anyone been on hydroxychloroquine? Has anyone tried fasting to ease their symptoms?I’ve seen some people mention fasting here. Does anyone find it useful while sick with covid? I’m on day 43, just had a major relapse of SOB. 30/m confirmed ground glass opacitiesDay 53 since symptoms started. I went to the ER a week and a half ago for a strong blood pressure change after a light workout, i thought my heart was failing. Bloodwork came back fine, oxygen saturation 98%, ordered a CT scan and ECG. The Cardiologist showed the GGO's on my lungs and advised for a follow up in a month to see if theyve improved. After basically controlling portion sizes, cutting out sugar, supplementing vitamins B,C,D, zinc, magnesium, i dont know what else i can do to improve my situation. Any advice or links to how i can better manage my lungs? thanks everyone When did your SOB go away?[removed] Crazy heart rate/SOB during shower (50+ days of symptoms)I have noticed that my heart rate spikes to a ridiculous extent whilst showering. I can feel it is around 150-160 bpm, triggered just by standing in the shower and after contact with warm water.

Just by standing up usually it does not go up to this extent (post covid it is usually 90-100 just standing up vs 150-160 whilst showering). I also notice after my shower my pulse stays elevated for 30ish minutes and my ox levels just after coming out are on the low side of normal 95/96.

Could this be a sign of a nervous system dysfunction or what? Is anyone else noticing this? Wondering if anyone else has had a situation similar to this. Day 61 of symptoms. 27/F/no health conditions priorSymptoms started on March 12, with just a weird cough and difficulty breathing through nose... but without congestion. Started to get nervous because I work at a restaurant that hosts lots of travelers-including international. This was five days before they closed restaurants in my states. Initial symptoms lasted about a week or two. They included:

Fever, cough, sore throat, loss of smell, headache, eye pain, body aches, fatigue, insane...sticky persistent phlegm/post-nasal drip. 

Was denied a Covid test due to age and fever not being high enough. Took a flu test that came out negative. I thought to myself there’s no way these body aches are just a common cold and why can’t I smell anything ? That was before loss of smell was added as a symptom. I thought I was going crazy. After those initial symptoms went away, SOB kicked in. I have been experiencing SOB, chest tightness and fast heart rate and post nasal drip/phlegm for two months now. I thought it was partially anxiety, which I am being treated for. 

I went and got my oxygen levels looked at and an antibody test done. Test came out positive but ox levels normal. The doctor doesn’t seem to concerned. My biggest issue is that I cannot seem to go a day where I feel normal and can breathe, especially if I do any sort of physical activity. I thought getting a little cardio would help and get me back into shape after basically being couch ridden for two months, but every time I do I feel like I am gasping for air. 

I feel like I cannot get a full breathe of air through my nose but it is not congested. I will breathe through my mouth to get a full breathe and sometimes start wheezing and feel like I am gasping for air. The phlegm finally slowed down like 50 days in. The chest tightness has eased up. So now all that’s going on is the breathing issues and the fast heart beat. I am going in to get a full screening done in a couple weeks. 

Does anyone have a similar story and were there any turning points where you genuinely felt completely recovered ? What did you do ? I am hearing that exercise is not good and that time will be the only option. Anyone similar to these symptoms week 8Is anyone facing dizziness, focus issues, headaches and just general malaise. feeling like there floating/ high constantly week 8 ? Great infohttps://www.wsj.com/video/why-fully-recovering-from-coronavirus-might-take-longer-than-expected/985A51E7-D3C9-4375-BC3B-9E5E2E03691E.html 60+ Days, Antibody Test Negative. WTFBackground

31M NYC
All symptoms minus vomiting
60 Days

Went for antibody testing here in NYC at the CityMD and just got back my results. Negative. Test was only the IGG but per their website they use the Abbott test which is supposed to be super accurate. I don’t know how that’s possible this long since my symptoms started. I don’t know if I can truly trust any test out right now but it’s very defeating news to get if true because whatever it hitting me is miserable and to know 2 months have gone by and I haven’t even earned my “potential” immunity hurts. Day 60+ and still struggling... anyone’s been this long and any data on when and if there’s a recovery...It’s started for me around March 10th. With GI issues and all that followed. Now with sharp stabbing pain this week in chest. Got to a cardiologist who saw me last week and seemed least interested in finding the cause and just said could be tachycardia as I see some minor pvc which is normal and nothing to worry about. Imagine hr goes from 60-115 in an instant. Sharp stabbing pain on left side of chest (I’m suspecting pericarditis). Palpitations, feel like sometime like a electric shock when heart hears. Causes insomnia. And it’s 60+ days. 
Does anyone have any data from China or places this has been going on for longer on when is the end in sight Low/high heart rate25M, healthy BMI, in shape/runner/workout 3-4xweek

Don’t smoke and haven’t had a drink since 12/31/19, but barely drank before then.


I’ve been experiencing super mild symptoms aside from SOB which as lasted since late march. Im starting to worry if I’m experiencing silent hypoxia because my heart rate is super abnormal.

Typically, it’s around 45-55 resting but lately it’s been 55-75 resting and 110-120 walking.

Im alarmed because just a moment ago while I was relaxing on the couch, it dropped to 35, which I’ve never had happen before (while awake at least). I ordered an oximeter in the mail but it hasn’t come in yet. 

Also, lately when I’ve been going to bed (not easy with SOB), I’ve been waking up lightheaded and double vision (like cross-eyed almost for a second or two).

I went to the doc last week and they checked my Oxygen levels and it was at 99% but I’m worried that it may have been inaccurate. 

Any thoughts? Anybody else keep smelling like something is burning (incense, candles).Im presumed positive as I came in contact with (May 3) and now, a positive diagnosed person. Symptoms began about 4 days later. Felt body aches and fever for 2 days straight. Reduced it with Advil and some Alkaseltzer cold dissolveable tablets. This past Saturday I felt fine, fever was fluctuating between 98-100. Sunday I began smelling this burning scent but I can still smell other things if I get close to them. 
Not sure if my body is recovering or it's still in the beginning phases. I'm on day 8 from contact and luckily it's not as serious as others so far. 
Am gonna get tested tomorrow. Anyone has had long lasting periods experiencing palpitations with Covid?27F. I’m awaiting my test results but am scared. I have fever and a bit of chest discomfort. Have had bad fatigue, dizziness, bit of diarrhea so far as well. Scariest part so far have been the palpitations or really fast heart beating/ pounding that has been lasting a long time. BPM has gone to the 80’s-90’s in the bad moments while resting. I went to the ER last Friday and EKG/ blood work/ x-ray came out fine, but that was already a few days ago. I also contacted my PCP and am awaiting a referral to a cardiologist, but that could take a while...

Anyone in a similar experience? If so, what have you done to cope? Please help. Huge resurgence at week 10...I'm living in Japan and had the virus since 25th of Feb. 

It has honestly been such a rollercoaster. Started with sinus pain and fatigue. Shortly after I developed a fever and SOB. 
Ended up with GI issues and lung pain that resulted in ER and a hospital trip. CT scan, ECG and xray comes back normal. Bloods show problems with kidneys and low potassium.. 


However,  around march 20th began to feel better. I even started exercising and just experienced a few bad days here and there. Some days I would have dull lung pain pr bad fatigue and small headaches. 

For over one month I felt human.

Since May 1st I have been hit hard again. Nerve pain, pain in my eye sockets (?!), SOB, lung pain, chest pain, GI issues, pain in my fingers, shooting pains in various parts of my body, fatigue and low grade fever. Oh, and INSANE dizziness to the point I feel I'm going to be sick and can't stand. The dizziness comes and goes as it pleases.

I honestly feel like I am going crazy. I feel so so down right now. Has anyone had such an intense resurgence after feeling ok for over a month? Is there an acute phase?I read online about first two weeks.  But it seems like people have bad weeks 3 and 4.  What is the acute phase with this virus, just kind of different for everybody?  Or I guess it could be months? Shortness of breath but no pneumonia[removed] Loss of smell and recovered but noticed something interesting (thought to share)I lost my sense of smell for about 3 weeks, it came back slowly.. I am 7weeks +, today I noticed something interesting: this is the first time my eyes are watery while cutting onions.. this was completely absent for the last 7 weeks. Every little positive change makes me smile these days, I am happy my body are recovering day by day.. 
I still get flare ups with lingering symptoms: headache, lightheaded/dizziness, sometimes my head feel warm and heavy but no fever anymore, inner ear pressure still come and go.. but I am a lot stronger compare to 2 weeks ago. 

It’s long journey, wish you all good recovery Those with lingering / long-term chest pain or tightness...**Did your chest pain &amp; tightness eventually resolve, or are you continually improving?**

**What did you do (tests, meds, supps) to identify or help it?**

\-----------------

I'm on Day 60. Mostly better, but still dealing with chest pain and tightness. Sternum area + right side of sternum. Getting worried about lung damage, clotting, etc.

I was using Albuterol inhaler for 30\~ days but stopped in case it's making things worse. Don't think it's meant for long-term daily use several times a day. I also tried a steroid inhaler (Arnuity) 2 weeks ago, but had a virus relapse and stopped it just in case it was the cause.

Supps:  NAC, Vitamin C, Vitamin D, Turmeric, L-Lysine, Quercetin, Zinc, Olive Leaf Extract

O2 levels: &gt;96, testing at home

Thanks! Article on recovery[removed] Is there a way out of this?I keep seeing SO many posts about people who can’t shake this off over the course of months, and others who barely show any symptoms. It seems like there’s no in between. Has anyone experienced symptoms like SOB and chest pain and the other key symptoms for a week or two and just gotten better? Like officially better where they haven’t had issues for weeks/months after? It’s so easy to lose hope in the pool of negative articles :/ I just want to feel like myself again (25M) 2 Months In, Short on Breath and Constantly Clearing Mucus From ThroatHey all, 

Was hoping to see if anyone had input on this or was experiencing a similar journey. I had Covid about 50 days ago, pretty minor symptoms - ran a fever that floated around 100, a minor cough and a headache. Had a period of getting better for a week or two, but now I have bothersome symptoms. I feel as if I have a pretty mild, but definitely apparent, case of shortness of breath/slightly tight chested, as well as pretty consistent production of white, foamy phlegm. I’m still very much able to perform day to day activities, including working out near daily. 

My only wish is to not get worse. I’ve seen my physician last week, tests are all pending at this point, but definitely rattled over this. I think every other google search on my phone is am I going to die lol. Anyone experiencing something similar? Best to all. Anything help with constipation?I drank a lot of water yesterday and felt better, so I tried to have some solid foods - bad idea. Feel like death today, usually do after eating. I’ve had sporadic diarrhea, but mostly constipation - and I usually don’t feel better until I can clear myself out. Anyone have any tips for this? Vitamin D and ExpectorantsFor those of you that started taking vitamin D once you’ve already been sick for more than a month, did it help? I’m wondering if vitamin D actually helps once it’s entrenched in your lungs? 

I’m also wondering if there’s any expectorant herbs or methods that will actually bring up the thick wall of mucus that covid brings along with it? COVID-19 killed my Great-Grandmother.Imagine: you’re 90 years-old, living alone in an assisted living facility, diabetic, and suffering from dementia. For the past 20+ years you have relied on having contact with at least one of your three daughters everyday. You rely on them for taking you to the doctor, buying your groceries, checking in on you daily, and providing companionship.

Suddenly, your family cannot visit anymore, you’re in quarantine. You remain in a depressive state that begins to effect more than just your emotional health.

You wake up in a hospital, all alone. Your daughters call, but they say they cannot visit because of the virus. Nurses and doctors come in to check on you, you’re doing ok, but really confused.

After a week or so, you’re transferred to a rehab facility. Still, no visitors are allowed. You talk to your precious daughters, grandchildren, etc. everyday. You begin to sound more out of touch everyday. You’re not making sense.

“An angel has come to visit me!” You tell them over the phone.

After days of this, you become unresponsive. Vitals look good, but you are not there. You lay in a room that’s not yours, all alone. No one is there to hold your hand, no one is there to help you transition from this life.

Today is Mother’s Day, and we put you to rest yesterday.

COVID-19 killed my great-grandmother, and no one could tell you, “Goodbye.”

Right now, our elderly are going through an unprecedented time and need our love and support now more than ever. Treat everyday as if it could be their last, call your grandparents, parents, etc. Tell them you love them. Day 24 - New Onset Muscle AchesI’m in the midst of an apparent second wave of symptoms, and they seem to come and go throughout the day. When it’s good, it’s good, but when it’s bad, all I can do is lay down. I went on a bit of a walk today - not as lengthy as the one earlier in the week - and now I have new onset muscle aches.

It feels like the lower half of my legs are on fire. No fever, nothing of that nature, but the muscle aches are bothersome. I did not have the aches in my first wave of symptoms, which is troubling and makes me nervous. It feels like what I would imagine arthritis feels like (it runs in my family) - stinging in my legs, burning, and a feeling of heaviness in them. 

Anyone else deal with this? What helps you the most? Drinking a sports drink to make sure my levels are up. Anyone know how to get antibody test in Canada? Paul Garner: For 7 weeks I have been through a roller coaster of ill health, extreme emotions, and utter exhaustion[https://blogs.bmj.com/bmj/2020/05/05/paul-garner-people-who-have-a-more-protracted-illness-need-help-to-understand-and-cope-with-the-constantly-shifting-bizarre-symptoms/](https://blogs.bmj.com/bmj/2020/05/05/paul-garner-people-who-have-a-more-protracted-illness-need-help-to-understand-and-cope-with-the-constantly-shifting-bizarre-symptoms/) NYTimes finally covering our plight...https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/10/world/europe/coronavirus-italy-recovery.html Day 43: the virus returnsI am really, really sad to write this after reporting my recovery. I was doing very well the past 10 days without any steps backwards...the last few days I felt totally well. 

Then last night my heart was beating very fast when I was trying to fall asleep, which was weird but I thought maybe I’m just thinking too much / buzzed. But now I wake up and my eyes are sore and red around the edges in that Covid way. That had been long gone! How is the virus still in my eyes?

And my head hurts a little and my body feels a little beat up. My back feels sore. I have a bad feeling I’m going to have SOB today :( Am afraid to try. 

How was the virus hiding in my body for 10 days and now it suddenly has the strength to come back?? I feel like I did something wrong but I can’t think what :( 

My symptoms are pretty mild but it’s very dispiriting. Persistent mucus in throat - any thoughts?I’m on day 41, one of my lingering symptoms (except for nasty SOB) is persistent mucus in my throat. It doesn’t feel like it’s in my lungs, I don’t cough, it’s more like I have to clear my throat all the time. Anyone has it? Is there any way to fix it? New symptoms- insomniaF48 type 2 diabetes well controlled and over weight but not obese. Normally fit and healthy and regular runner.   I don’t eat sugar or many carbs. 

Most of my symptoms have been pretty mild. Only one day of fever. A lot of GI issues. Felt like I was getting over it a couple of days ago and did too much. 

I am in day 15 and symptoms have been coming back with a vengeance today. Bone crushingly tired but just can’t sleep. 

Slight chest tightness and torso feels hot to touch but no fever. My oxygen levels between 95 to 97 so a little low but nothing serious. 

Never had problems sleeping before and feeling very depressed at the moment. 

I am in the UK and I do feel those that are dealing with this virus at home are ignored. Can’t really get to see a doctor at the moment due to lockdown.  When you ring the NHS number you are fobbed off. 

Just needed to vent. How have drugs interacted with your symptoms?I mean this both for drugs that should help, and that would obviously not help.

In my case, vitamins, mucinex, pseudoephedrine, tylenol all have helped but not consistently. I ended up turning around my progress two separate times as well - once from drinking during a weekend after having thought it was gone (it wasn't). 

Second time was similar situation where I smoked a small amount of weed, having thought it was gone. Obviously both of those scenarios led to complete abstinence for 40 days or so. Still no alcohol, but I have tried edibles and they don't seem to have a negative effect. I'm a young woman, 3-4 weeks since symptom onset and I have covid toes and skin rashes among the other symptoms as fever, musle pain, lung pain and shortness of breath. Please be aware that skin rashes is a symptom of covid-19 and isolate yourself if you have an unexplainable skin rash outbreakI've compiled some photos for all of you to show you that I have what is called "covid toes" and red skin rashes and bumps all over my body. These symptoms appeared 2 weeks before the rest of the symptoms.

https://imgur.com/a/fuS8KMb

There's been an effort to inform the public about covid toes and skin rashes being possible symptoms of covid but it feels like it gets buried by the media and only cough and fever are talked about. It's believed that many asymptomatic carriers have skin rashes as the only symptom, so if you have an unexplainable skin rash you need to take precaution and isolate yourself.

I'm also wondering if someone else is having these symptoms. Just about to finish week 2.I thought I’d feel good, but I kind of feel scared.  I had what felt like a heart attack day 3, I’m afraid i get another worse on the 2nd wave I won’t make it.  It nearly killed me.  Also have it go after my brain.  Feels like it kind of picks diffeeent areas to go after, then feels swollen but does heal.  Generally.  Including in the back.

I’m hoping that the adage of “if you make it past the first two weeks you’ll probably survive” but mybcase doesn’t seem very average.

If you had similar issues I’m welcome to here them.  If not just wanting to vent.  I’m scared of the road to come.  I know I shouldn’t worry, but I do sometimes.  Feels like I better get this problem solved, or another wave might push me over. Fluttery heart beatBeen sick for several weeks. Had all of the common symptoms. Was in the ER two days ago and blood work looked fine, heart looked fine etc.

However I can't sleep tonight because I have a fluttery heart beat. My pulse is normal, around 60-80 beats per minute but it feels fluttery and I'm so scared that this is actually something bad.

Have any of you had a fluttery heartbeat, like it's not beating like it should? Like a twitch once in a while? Article of interest for long termershttps://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-8303305/Will-Covid-19-survivors-face-lifetime-illness-like-battled-polio.html Another take on the road to recovery[removed] Another take on the road to recovery 

Hi, I'm 35M/5'9/170lbs covid19-presumed positive and have been experiencing symptoms since March 18th. No previous health conditions I was aware of, was getting ready for a marathon before this all came down. While it's been an up and down battle, I feel significant progress after having a few relapses which I'll post on at another time. What I really wanted to get at today is I've been reading a lot of posts with people suffering relapses after trying to run/exercise again or asking when they can start running.

If I was to put this into sports injury terms, I feel this disease works in two ways for people. Some people get extremely mild symptoms that last 10-14 days - equivalent to a sprained ankle. They are able to be up and running really shortly after and it actually helps aid their recovery.

Those of us who had more severe pneumonia-like symptoms...it's equivalent to an ACL tear. You are going to have to take this real slow for some considerable time. There are going to be good days and bad, but just make sure you're trending upwards always. If you start running too fast, you're going to set yourself back big time and re-aggravate.

Take things slow people, listen to your body. The biggest takeaway I've had from this experience is that the the virus does not work on your timetable, but rather you work on it's time. We'll get through this :) don't lose hope! Survivor guilt is realI got sick back in March the week before everything shut down. Couldn't get any testing or help from medical or friends. When the hypoxia symptoms started I thought I might die, but I didn't. I'm ok enough now, but when I read these article and posts about strokes, kidney failure, extreme lung damage, etc and how young healthy people like myself are dying! I'm having feelings!!! Why am I still alive? How did I survive? Why was I spared from worse symptoms??? I'm kind of freaking out about this! I just want to cry!!!! 31 daysHello everyone! I’m pretty young but I’ve been having symptoms for 31 days now! I’m starting to get extremely sad. The body aches have calmed down, but still have shortness of breath and chest pressure and elevated heart beat. When do I get to feel like me again? Doctors aren’t finding anything wrong so why do I feel this way :( 30 plus dayersDo you think that because of the lingering symptoms your body is taking longer to create antibodies or that you aren’t creating antibodies (some people just don’t create them) putting your body in perpetual fight mode without improvement until there is an anti viral treatment or vaccine. 
But I also read that there is no evidence of this being chronic (South Korean news source) 
Kinda confused I've been sick since early march and fear I might have become chronically illI've been continously sick since march. I've had all of the symptoms ranging from low grade fevers, dry cough, burning hot torso, night sweats, muscle pains, fatigue, skin rashes, red/blue feet and shortness of breath just by walking a bit.

Right now most symptoms have gone away except the fatigue, shortness of breath, feels like my lungs are on fire and I'm having extreme intense sharp back pains that not even paracetamol combined with ibuprofen can dampen. It's most intense at night which can make it hard to sleep.

I've been checked by my doctor several times and my blood work looks perfectly normal. At this point I've accepted that I'm chronically sick, because most of family members and friends who've had it recovered a long time ago.

It also makes me depressed because I get the feeling some doctors aren't invested in you if you can't show that your blood work is abnormal. I've had a difficult time even getting painkillers prescribed for my back pain, and it feels harder being a young previously healthy woman. At some point I've felt like a drug addict - the stares, the questions, the anomosity. I can't imagine those who have chronic pain having to deal with the pain and not being believed by doctors daily. COVID after effects gives me bleak hopeI was bed ridden for a week before I decided to call a doctor bc my fevers wouldn’t let up. Completely not normal. I was three weeks fevering and felt like death. For someone who didn’t have insurance and was super sick best I could do was remain self isolated in my room for almost a month and talk to doctors and nurse practitioners. I’m almost three weeks out since dubbed COVID free and I’m stuck in bed with my joint pains at their peak, nausea preventing me from moving headache that’s making me sicker but glad I can breathe today.

I’m tired y’all. I’m doing everything I’ve been told to do and have done. School is stressing me out bc reading a small excerpt gets me confused and tires me out so much. I don’t want to lose hope but everything that’s been happening and everything I’ve been seeing and reading doesn’t give me a bright hope.

I’m keeping a journal of everything I’ve experienced since day one and I’m keeping track of my after effects symptoms. Sending each and everyone of you affected love and admiration. Sudden loss of taste after months with Covid?Hi everyone,

I got sick March 6th and I've been recovering steadily for about a week or so (week 7/8). Now suddenly today I have been sniffing and sneezing like crazy. This isn't entirely new since I had these symptoms in the last few weeks. I've never had allergies. 

Now suddenly I can't taste anything! It's really noticeable. It's like my tongue is numb. 

Wondering if anyone has had a similar experience? My story - long read, no structure, and bad language37/male/6 feet 220lbs (now 205)/no major diagnosed pre-existing conditions/rarely get sick/southeast Virginia

I believe on or about 3.13.2020 I contracted covid.  I was hit with minor symptoms on 3.17.2020.  This included scratchy throat and shortness of breath.  On 3.22.2020 I developed more symptoms. By 3.24.2020 it was worse and by 3.27.2020 I could no longer work from home.  The symptoms included diarrhea, headache, nausea (did not vomit), muscle aches, kidney pain, tightness in chest, fever, chills, sweats, night terrors, hallucinations, insomnia, and I may be missing a few.  One interesting note, I did not have a cough.  I toughed this out for days.. I stayed in bed and forced myself to eat crackers, soup, and juice.  I live alone so mentally this is rough. On about 3.30.2020 I was feeling better and though I was on the mend.  The next day that hope was knocked out of me.  On 4.2.2020 I did a telemedicine.  They prescribed me a z-pak.   My primary care physician was unavailable and the group he was with said he was no longer my pcp because I hadn't seen him in 3 years.  Oh he's been my doc since I was 3.  So telemedicine it is as no one is accepting new patients. By 4.3.2020 I am worse, telemedicine prescribed me an inhaler.  I have hit a point over the past few days where I could sleep.  The grim reaper comes every night looking for me and the dreams are horrid.  But my chest tightness has evolved.  At this point insomnia has kicked in. Right when I try to go to sleep when I am almost there, I gasp for air. Instantly I am awake. Disregard the 10mg of melatonin and the Tylenol pm, I am awake.  I can't live like this so on 4.4.2020 at 4 am I go to the emergency room. My oximeter shows 97 but my blood pressure is like 240/110 or something.  I get x-rays and blood done over the next 10 hours. X-ray shows pneumonia bottom left lung near heart.  My blood is fairly normal. The doctor says the pneumonia isn't bad. The ekg is normal and my glucose is 117 likely because of the halls vitamin c drops? D-dimer was not measured. Wbc was 5.8 rbc was 5.65.. I have all these records and everything appeared to be within spec.  Essentially, the doctor said this is all common we aren't going to test you because your young, healthy, no pre existing conditions and the test is bullshit... but you are presumed covid. Go home.. and for your stomach here is some probiotics, and some benedryl for sleep.  Since you are already on the z pac just continue God speed. This was actually nicest doctor I dealt with. And she talked to my parents on speaker phone with me.  So I was able to get a little sleep after leaving the ER.  The next day I still felt like garbage.  So I phone the telemedicine folks.  I explained to them I had minor pneumonia and they being in NYC prescribed my hydroxychloroquine and phone it into my local Walgreens. Donald Trump's miracle drug is going to save me and the pharmacy filled it.  Thank god!  Not fucking exactly. So I started taking the hcq the same day I finished the z pac.  Now I already felt that my heart was acting funny but at this point I was desperate.  I had given my parents and bro all my bank account information and logins to this and that. I mean I honestly didn't think I was going to make. Now I go to the ER a second time.. the heart palpitations and the chest tightness are something I've never experienced. I am extremely exhausted and still feel on the verge of death. On 4.8.2020 to the er around 1 or 2 am in the morning.  The x-ray now shows little to no sign of pneumonia.  This is great! Although still not sure why I didnt get a CT scan. My glucose is high but everything else is fine.  Wbc is at 6 and rbc is at 5.53. cbc all appear within range. My EKG is normal.  I swear something is wrong with me and I am not crazy.  I am hustled out after the tests are completed. Oxi was 96 doesn't need fluids good to go.  I still feel like death.  I go home and start sucking it up.  I finally start to have a small appetite and can focus a little bit. Re-watched 9 seasons of Seinfeld.  My parents and I play jeapordy and wheel of Fortune on speaker phone.  On 4.16.2020 I was able to have a telehealth with my pcp.  He told me to go get a test now if I could find one.  Testing here was shut down in March but I was able to find an urgent care that did drive by testing.  I waited in my car feeling like ass for 3 hours and made it around the building and was told to come inside.  Wtf? I don't want to go inside.  So I go inside and a nurse jabs me with brain probes in both nostrils.  This is unpleasant but shit I've seen death who gives a damn.  Then she says wait here, the doctor will be in to see you..  so as I am waiting all I hear is coughing and coughing horrible coughing. 20 minutes of this waiting behind the door.  Then some foreign dude is making jokes saying maybe is the corona laughing about it.  The fuck happens to be the doctor.  I move as far away as I can when he opens the door and say dude I am just hear for the test my pcp told me to come in.  So this was a taxing day for me.  I am still not 50% and get knocked back to about 40% on 4.17.2020.  this is my next ER visit. This doc was a dick. Glucose is still high 130. Boarder line EKG which I don't know what that means. No more evidence of pneumonia per radiology. They literally kick me out the side door very disoriented. I suck it up for another day but still don't see a light at the end of the tunnel.  These symptoms are brutal.  On 4.19.2020 I drive 40 minutes to a different emergency room.   Again this doctor is an ass.  No compassion. I inform her I have had these symptoms for over a month but just tested negative.  Meaning the test already sucks and waiting 30 days to be able to get a test doesn't make it suck less. So now she thinks I have mono or some anxiety disorder.  She calls me difficult as she walks out of my room because I am grilling  her with questions. she dismissed my new covid toes and was like whatever.  These people are not educated I have been reading about this shit for over a month. My metabolic is fine except 105 glucose.  My tsh (thyroid) comes back at 7.96. This is new and not in line.  My wbc is 5.6 and my rbc is 5.68.  hgb is 16.2. d-dimer is .47.  my EKG was normal.  So I continue to have all these symptoms for days and days.  It feels like Mike Tyson has punch me in the kidneys.  my final er visit is on 4.22.2020. chest x-ray looks normal, EKG is normal,  troponin 8ng/L,. Wbc 5.0, rbc 5.46, hgb 15.9, and d-dimer .49 mg/l.  I started sobbing in front of the doc because no one can fix me and it's been over 30 days. She gave me a shot of lorazepam and sent me on my way.. on 4.23.2020 I meet with my pcp.  He runs a t4 free 1.4mg/l and reruns tsh which is now 6.63. I seriously think covid attacks everything.. thyroid, kidneys, liver, heart, brain, gut, skin.. what a huge list.  So people just look at you like you have 10 heads with all these symptoms.  Around this time I was prescribed 1mg of lorazepam and 50mg of trazodone to help sleep. From about 4.23.2020 to now, I have felt a steady improvement.  I had been able to do some yard work, ride my bike, and take walks.   I thought I was about 85% myself.. then around 5.3.2020 I started to feel like I was regressing.  Was it because I ate twizzlers and peanut m&amp;Ms that damn processed sugar? Did I over do it on the exercise? 4.5 miles on a bike isn't much for me on flat land... Also on 5.5.2020 I tested negative for antibodies igg and igm ab covid.  Is that playing tricks on my mind. The symptoms I currently have are weird.  My hands feel like they were dipped in icy hot, the diarrhea has returned, I got cold easy, less appetite, minor muscle aches, minor tightness in chest, foggy head , abdominal pain, mild palpitations, minor headaches and muscle sores.. this all is milder from what I had before.  I don't have a fever and my oxi level is between 96 and 99. I have a doctor's appointment on Tuesday. I truly hope this ends soon. This video proves Covid 19 originated in Virginia USA, not Wuhan China.[removed] Feeling better and a word of hope for you allHey, 

I am like almost two months in and I still have some lingering mild symptoms but seems better overall. Just FYI for all of you my doctor told some people back in January are just recovering now. I live in nyc. I am getting antibody testing now and autoimmune testing plus thyroid and heart. 39 days of symptoms, thus farTyping this up to share my experience with my presumed case of COVID 19. It helps to get it off my chest, and hopefully, this helps some of the rest of you out there. My apologies if this is long-winded.

Background: 23M, Black, Long Island, NY, 5’8, healthy, 165 lbs, daily juul-user and kratom user.

Supplements taken before and during: vit D, Iron, l-citrulline, folic acid, magnesium glycinate, cordyceps, b complex, zinc

Supplements added during: vit C, rhodiola rosea, turmeric capsule, make ginger tea throughout the day

&amp;#x200B;

Extra Notes:

&amp;#x200B;

\-  TESTING: I tested negative for COVID-19 about 3 weeks in but was presumed positive by a doc via tele-call, and tested negative for antibodies between weeks 4 and 5

\- FAMILY: My dad was never tested, but a day after my symptoms began, he was hit with 103-104 fevers, night sweats, exhaustion, the whole nine. The initial symptoms happed over the course of 14 days, and he has made a full recovery over the course of 4 weeks. My stepmother and stepsister have been exposed to him on a consistent basis since the beginning and neither have had any symptoms

\- NICOTINE &amp; KRATOM: I stopped using my juul April 1st. When things began to feel better during weeks 2 and 3, I began to vape small amounts (a pull or 2 a day) just to lessen the withdrawals but feared that it was making lung symptoms worse. I’ve switched over to nicotine gum while I continue to battle this. I’ve lessened the amount of kratom that I take but continue to take it daily.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

My symptoms started on March 30th. It was a Monday night and I began feeling some light SOB that would continue into Tuesday night. I wasn’t sure if it was a symptom or all just in my head, so I chalked it up to just being anxious. Wednesday night, April 1st, a slew of symptoms began. As I was on the cusp of sleep, I had this weird feeling that someone was standing behind me, as if I “sensed” their presence. This isn’t abnormal, as I’ve had hypnogogic hallucinations when I’m about to fall asleep my whole life and I can always brush them off. This time, this feeling sparked a genuine sense of fear which shot my body right up out of bed. Within 5 minutes, I was sweating, quickly alternated between cold and hot, felt this tingling sensation that would travel up and down my body as if I was being pricked by tiny needles in waves, and I just felt mentally aloof. The best word I could use to describe the mental aloofness is goofy. I just felt like a giant goofball. I also had a low-grade fever of about 99.2-99.5. 

&amp;#x200B;

For the next 7 days, I would experience sweats, chills, aloofness, tiredness, and lethargic. It was weird, during this period everything seemed brighter and my pupils were dilated. I’ve had a few psychedelic experiences, and a low dose/microdose of shrooms is the closest thing that I can compare my perception to during this period. After the first week, SOB, the sensation of movement in my lungs, and chest tightness would be the main symptoms over the next 2 weeks. The initial chills and sweats subsided, and aside from the lung symptoms, I felt mentally spry, energetic, and like I was moving in the right direction. I was handling chores, playing games, and making music like normal. However, my lungs continued to feel weird. 

&amp;#x200B;

On the 21st night, I was hit with the same symptoms I experienced on April 1st, with about 80%-90% of the intensity of the first time. It was an odd night, my shortness of breath would intensify for a few minutes, then disappear as if my breathing was perfect, then intensify again while my body continued to get chills and my brain continued to get foggy. After that night, I had another week of battling those symptoms that I thought I was through with after the first week. It wasn’t pleasant. 

&amp;#x200B;

Monday (3 days from now) will make three weeks since that 2nd wave. Within the past week and a half, my shortness breath has been present in varying intensities, and I’ve developed small aches in my sides, arms, and legs. I’ve also been dealing with EXTREME fatigue. It’ll be 2-3 hours waves of tiredness that feels like I’m tired in every single fiber of my being down to my atoms. This fatigue usually comes with a sense of impending doom as feeling that tired just can’t be ok. Simply holding my phone up for 10+ seconds would feel as if I just did a few reps of weightlifting. My pulse has been on the higher side, resting in the high 90s and If I stand up it’ll jump up to 115. I’ve also had these small aches that come every 30min to 1hr that feels like it’s happening in my heart. They’re concerning for sure, but don’t feel major at this point, and I hope they remain that way.

&amp;#x200B;

Yesterday I had fatigue early on, but I made an effort to get up and be in the sun for a bit and that seems to be the most impactful decision I’ve made throughout this whole thing. It was energizing being in its glow, which I didn’t expect being that I’ve been taking vitamin D daily for over 2 years. Last night wasn’t too bad. It felt like another wave was coming but it never arrived. Today my SOB has been minimal; unnoticeable at times, my energy has moments of being low, but has been pretty good throughout. The heart sensation has been happening at the same rate but seems to subside or lessen in intensity if I drink a good bit of water. On the bright side, my pulse has been consistently in the high 70s or low 80s and this is the closest to feeling normal that I’ve felt in a while. I feel like I’m moving in the right direction, but I am refraining from excitement, as I’ve felt good before, and have gotten hit with another wave, and I don’t know if or when that will happen again. 

&amp;#x200B;

This whole experience has been mentally and physically exhausting. I’m currently on day 39 and I just want to feel normal again.  I’ve been glued to this subreddit the past couple of weeks, and I’m ready to be sick for a greater period of time if necessary. But like others have said, I need to know that there’s a light at the end of the tunnel. We just won’t know until or if we reach the end. This subreddit has been both incredibly reassuring and anxiety-inducing at the same time. While I fear for what may be to come, it’s helpful knowing that what each us are experiencing is real although it’s not a part of the mainstream narrative. I wish the best for those going through this for a longer, more intense period of time. Thank you, and I hope this helps. Week 7 + 5 days with "shortness of breath" and brain fog symptoms. Anyone who been sick for more than 6 weeks - who actually got 100% healthy or feeling better?Greetings COVID-fighters!

WEEK 7 + 5 DAYS HERE. My wife and I (35 and 39 years old) are both sick with the same symptoms and are presumed positive by doctors. First 3 weeks, we had a crazy amount of weird symptoms, coming in waves on&amp;off. The worse sickness feels started to wear off around three weeks ago. Still, it seems like the "shortness of breath" (+headaches, mild heart racing) and feeling generally bad after physical activity is not getting any better. It's impossible to live a normal life in our current situation. I also got another wave of brain fog which been worse for the last week.

We need more "light in the tunnel" stories about getting back to a healthy life after getting the long ver of COVID. Anyone being sick for 6 weeks+, who now recovered?

Thanks guys and stay strong! Don’t lose hope! From someone who’s been sick since January...I’ve seen so many people posting today feeling crazy about their symptoms, worried they will last forever, feeling isolated and alone. 

I’ve been sick for months, and I’ve been in this place with you for so long. My heart goes out to all of you...this SUCKS. For real. 

Here’s just a few things that have helped me get through:

1) The anxiety is real, but sometimes it’s truly the virus. Have a plan for who to call and what to do that comforts you when you have a flare. (Weighted blankets, baths, music, breathing exercises, a good cry...We even adopted a dog once I could get out of bed a little, huge help!)

2) Don’t stop asking for help. If your doctor blows you off, get a second opinion. Get familiar with your insurance and your options. Ask other people who they saw. Go to the ER, the urgent care, the specialist. You KNOW when you’re sick. Get help, fight for it if you have to. There are people who will listen, but they might not be the first doctor you meet with. Keep asking!! 

3) Put your Devil Wears Prada attitude on when new symptoms come up, you feel sicker, or you flare. You’re a boss, take stock of what’s happening with control, don’t let those fear voices overwhelm you. Make a plan. Be the voice of reason for yourself, or find someone who can be (thanks to my scientist husband for doing this for me). 

4) Be kind to yourself. This might be over soon, or you may need more time to recover. It’s okay to take it. Take the time you need. Write yourself permission slips to do what you need to get well. 

The truth is, if you’re hoping for a quick fix, you’re going to crumble. 

That’s ok, it’s ok to let yourself feel sad or pissed and grieve how hard this is. 

It may take a while. But you’re going to be okay. 

It’s ok to let go of that “14 day” recovery. To put down that expectation to bounce back quickly, I promise you’re not a disappointment or a failure. Your body isn’t an enemy. It’s trying hard to help you. 

For those of you who are on this long suffering journey, know that you’re not alone. Chime in the comments, support each other. Get off WebMD and the news and talk to real people. 

Get help. Take the time. Give yourself compassion. 20+ days since symptom onset, have sharp cold pain in my back although my torso is burning hot. Anyone else?It's been over 20 days since I first started showing symptoms. I think I've had almost every symptom described on this sub.

Most symptoms have gone away, but I've developed a sharp cold pain in my upper back that comes and goes. It's worse at night and then goes away during morning and comes back in the evening. 

Despite feeling like a cold pain, my torso is hot. Feels like I've been out in the sun a couple of hours and gotten sunburned.

I also have a cold feeling in my nose, like I'm inhaling air in the Winter despite being home.

Anyone else with these symptoms? Day 50 - No antibodies or false negative? Driving me insaneHi all,

I wish I were here with some good news of a fully healed person, but unfortunately that's not yet for me today! Still dealing with low grade fever, headaches and dizziness mostly.

I just had another full blood test, and my GP thought it good to do the serology test while we were at it, since we are pretty sure it was the Covid-19 despite the nose swab test being negative (taken at day 41 of my symptoms). I just got the results back, and, surprise, both IgG and IgM are negatives! I kind of freaked out when seeing this. My first reaction was to wonder if this was all in my head? Like could I have imagined 50 days of fever, fatigue, oppression in my chest among other pleasantries? Could it just be my anxiety? 

I am 'lucky' in a sense that my blood test shows that my red blood cells are fairly high (nothing crazy, but definitely higher than they should be), and white blood cells are a bit low, which is a good sign of an infection and a proof that I wasn't imagining it or lying. Now, could it be something else than Covid? All the other elements they tested are fine, apart from the blood cells it looks as if I'm healthy as a horse (lucky me), so the usual suspects of mononucleosis and friends are out. 

Could it also be that I have not developed specific antibodies? I have been ill for so long, could it be because my body has not been able to produce antibodies to defend specifically against this fairly weird virus? Will it mean that I can get reinfected soon?

The lady at the lab who drew my blood told me that they are only testing for two out of the three virus heads, and even if this came back negative, it might be worth testing again in a few months just to check if I am positive with another test. I also read that these tests are producing a lot of false negatives, could this be one? It is not yet fully approved by the health authorities here, and I had to pay it out of my own pocket despite GP's prescription.

I was curious, have any of you been in a similar situation, or heard anything from the scientific community about these tests and all that? 

Anyway, sorry about the long rant, this is driving me insane and I have no clue what to do now. GP is on his day off so I have to wait until Saturday or Monday to get in touch with him and see what I'm supposed to do now. How physically inactive should I keep myself?M22, 135 pounds, 5’6, Day 4 of symptoms, I think 7-8 days since exposure. No known pre-existing conditions. 

Would it be beneficial to go on walks/stretch? I’m reading accounts of people being more physically active when they start to feel better then relapsing. I’ve just started to have a cough and some chest pains, but no fever and blood oxygen is 98-99 consistently.

Edit: on a side note, I’m taking the usual Vitamin C, D, Magnesium, and Zinc supplements. Any idea what a safe I.U. Of vitamin D is to take a day? I’m currently taking 1,600 I.U a day through vitamins and don’t want to overdo. I have another supplement that is 2,000 I.U I could add in. Viral reactivationHi all, I was infected a month and a half ago. Very serious with lung pain, aches, shortness of breath, couldn't go more than 10 seconds without having a vicious coughing fit, and I peaked at a temp of 104.3. I thought I was going to die, but two weeks went by and I got better. Now, a month an a half later I have residual virus in my system (lungs and intestines) that has caused a flare up of sorts. I know it's subjective from person to person, but this time around my breathing was worse, so much so I required albuterol inhaler, however, no fever or cough or any other symptom. I still believe in anti-bodies, but viral reactivation is a thing. Have a nice day, and stay strong. Accidentally got it from my dadHello everyone. My dad called the doctor to confirm that I had COVID-19 2 days ago. Previously he had it for about 2-3 weeks and now he accidentally passed it to me. I had severe chills to the point I hop in a hot, steamy shower to relieve it. I been coughing to the point my chest hurts, I feel winded from going up a flight of stairs or walk for a short while, I started to sleep more often than usual, and I lost my sense of smell to where even if my head is deep in a frying pan when making food, I can’t smell the faintest whiff of food. I been drinking hot tea to sooth my sore throat but it’s honestly a misery. Anyone’s lungs feel weird when changing position in bed?It happens when I am sleeping in one position, on my left side then switch to back sleeping for example. I have to be sleeping in that position for at least an hour to feel the weirdness and the longer I am in one position the weirder it feels when I switch.

I would describe the weirdness as if my lungs are slowly unfolding and there is noticeable SOB while it happens. The whole thing takes between 10 and 30 seconds. 

It’s made worse when I have a general SOB at night.

I am on week 7 of this crap among many other symptoms and it comes in waves. To any other 70+ dayersAt day 81, totally isolated in my apartment in the current hellscape that is NYC, I’m so desperate for this to be over. So: Have any of you kicked it after so long? Are we stuck until an antiviral treatment is developed? I know it could be so much worse. But I Am I ever going to be able to walk more than a block again? My heart races with very little exertion. It’s been a month and a half.It’s been over a month. I (54,F) know I should be grateful my symptoms are mild. I’m really pretty fine as long as I don’t do anything. But I miss wLkj g my dog. I used to hike, go to the gym, do tai-chi and yoga. Now if I do anything my heart beats out of my chest and then the next day I cough and am fatigued. I just walked my dog a block, came home and my resting pulse is 120. (Normally 70).  Had anyone else had this experience? Sense of smell coming and going. Anyone else?My sense of smell was completely gone when I was sick, which was expected, but since recovering I’ve noticed that it sort of comes and goes. I’ll go a few hours with an annoyingly sensitive sense of smell, and then half a day not being able to smell anything. Anyone else experiencing this after recovering?  

Additional information: 30F, overweight, slightly elevated BP.  Had all the typical symptoms, was tested, and five days later the results were negative. My doctor told me to assume it was a false negative because my symptoms were “textbook.” I felt mostly recovered after 20 days, with the exception of this olfactory situation. Not at all complaining; just curious if anyone else is getting their sense of smell back sporadically. Any Moms out there?Are there any long term sufferers that are Moms out there with young kids at home? How do you manage to complete all of your responsibilities as a mother and rest all the time? I keep relapsing due to the nature of my job as a mother and caretaker of animals. I cannot get help from outside my husband and he is also suffering with this dreaded thing I will not name. Has anyone had blood test in which T-Cell count and Il-6 was included?What was the value? Breathing shallow at nightI'm afraid to go to sleep because my breath seems shallow, can't breathe deeply enough for some reason... Autonomic breathing issues maybe? Day 21 - Second WaveAround three weeks ago, I began having initial symptoms of: persistent dry cough, lightheaded, shortness of breath, etc...I had a doctor tell me that there was a good chance that I had COVID19, but they could not safely test me because I was young and healthy. During this time, I never had a fever and initial symptoms cleared up within 8-10 days.

Well, it would appear as though I am going through what a lot of sufferers of this virus would call a second wave of symptoms, after nearly two weeks of feeling normal. It started with my stomach feeling bloated and not at all at ease. A lot of GI issues persisted, including gas and acid reflux. My diet has not been the best in the past few days, and I did go on a couple of walks. I mention the walks because some have said exercise has triggered their second waves.

I have been having chills / feeling sweaty and fatigued, but no new onset fever. So far, these are the second wave symptoms. Diminished smell and taste. I wondered if I’d either caught the virus again, or these are just the second wave but it’s more than likely the latter.

I wish they’d go away. Tested negative, but told to assume false negative. Anyone else in the same boat with symptoms worsening or have any advice?23/AFAB, Hashimoto's thyroiditis (autoimmune disease) and asthma

Hey, everyone! I feel almost like I'm going crazy over here, so I wanted to see if maybe anyone else is in the same boat or has any advice.

I work at a campus food pantry, but I have been self-quarantining for the most part since early March. Given my pre-existing health conditions, my doctor told me in no uncertain terms not to be a hero and to stay at home. I have stopped by the pantry a couple times for admin tasks, gone to the grocery, etc., but I have stayed in isolation for the vast majority of the past 8 weeks.

&amp;#x200B;

April 27/28: General malaise, a little pressure in my chest, runny nose. I chalked it up to allergies.

April 29: Pressure in my chest increased, felt like I couldn't fully inflate my lungs, mild sore throat, headache, itchy everywhere, nauseated but no vomiting

April 30/May 1: Intensity of everything increased, low-grade fever (99.2), bounced back and forth between way too hot and way too cold, everything tasted metallic, body aches and skin sensitivity were uncomfortable

May 2: Everything was a little more intense than the day before, pressure in my lungs got worse, shortness of breath made it hard to continue a regular conversation, **went to the ER and tested negative for COVID-19 with no signs of pneumonia on my chest x-ray**

May 3/4: My lungs felt a little better, but everything else remained the same

May 5/6: Body aches and skin sensitivity through the roof, headache worse, still can't sing along to my radio due to shortness of breath :( 

&amp;#x200B;

The ER told me that I definitely have some sort of viral infection and just to check in with my doctor. They didn't take blood or swab for anything else, only the COVID-19 test. My lungs looked fine on the chest x-ray, but they told me that I would've been admitted if my sats had been lower due to my symptoms.

I honestly have not felt this bad since December 2016 when I had a post-surgical infection and spent 2 days in bed with a 103F fever. I have no idea how to handle this. I'm officially on emergency leave from work, and I feel insanely lucky to have the option to do so without jeopardizing my livelihood. I feel so guilty for taking the time when I know that my work needs me, and like such a baby for being bothered by not being able to do silly things like sing along to the radio.

Anyone in the same boat? Have any advice? Pictures of cute dogs? I'll take anything at this point.

Thank you! Really getting to me. Sad and tired.Feeling so down. Week 8 started Monday. Last week I felt so much better then went downhill from Friday night until...well now and hoping for better tomorrow. It is Wednesday night. I wonder if the fact that I have not run a proper fever has kept this thing hanging on and hanging on. 57F, some asthma in the long past that has been crazy now. Mono as a kid in High School. It has been since March 16 that I have had symptoms and not too long later presumed positive. I had thought I had been finished with this more than once now. Not yet. Looking for support. Thanks. Another weird symptom - bubbles in urine?Sorry, this is a weird one. Since week 3, I've had bubbles in my urine that are NOT protein.. as my urine tests have been normal. I'm currently on week 8 with other persistent symptoms. An update on week 7GI started to clear but left mainly with daily headaches, tiredness and vertigo/ dizzyness which fluctuates. Smell just ain’t the same anymore just weakened and some phantom smelling. Sinus irritation  but very mild and one tonsil that’s just been enlarged from the start and just hasn’t gone up more or down but has 0 pain. However my vision has improved, shaking hands has mellowed, brain fog is defiantly improving. The two main factors leaving me abit  defeated is just the headaches, nausea and feeling like I’m on a boat. But I guess I can say Im making progress but ever so gradually 8 weeks of symptoms. I feel like I’m slowly getting better but unsure and needs tests. Worried about clots, unsure If I should go to the hospital. Has anyone done this already?I just can’t decide what to do. One doctor has told me to stay home as I should be slowly getting better. Another doctor has told me to go he hospital for more tests. I can’t decide what to do. 8 weeks of symptoms. I feel like I’m slowly getting better but unsure and need to get some tests. Worried about clots. Unsure if I should go to the hospital. Has anyone done this already?I just can’t decide what to do. One doctor has told me to stay home as I should be slowly getting better. Another doctor has told me to go he hospital for more tests. I can’t decide what to do. 9 weeks since first symptoms, new throat issue (27/M)I first got sick in the beginning of March and had 2 weeks of the classic symptoms. Chills, fever, aches, that weird cough, and lung issues. Ended up on an inhaler and steroids to help me sleep at night and almost went to the hospital. Most of my initial treatment was via telehealth, where they diagnosed me with viral bronchitis but would not refer me for testing due to capacity issues. I was 27 and healthy with no travel history, and it was March 3rd. Not a priority. All 3 of my jobs dealt with close contact with a variety of locals and travelers, though. 

I was in bed the entire week. Barely ate, body aches and shakes, Couhhing every 5 minutes. After about day 10, things began to look up, but I ended up back in bed by the end of the week with a flare up where my lungs felt like they were on fire. Breathing was still an issue by the end of the month and required an urgent care visit, though other symptoms were more or less gone by then. 

I considered myself more or less healthy by mid april, though with low lung capacity.  No fevers, no aches, no more stabbing pains, just a little tightness- entirely to be expected. I had just dealt with a serious infection. I've definitely been lower energy since I got sick, but I've been chalking that up to being cooped up with the stay at home order. 

In the last few days, things have been sliding a little bit. I've had a low fever, some shivers, and exhaustion. Things stabilized a bit today, though not much improvement, either.My throat/lymph nodes are sore too, swallowing is slightly painful. Is this part of the recovery process, or am I coming down with something else? 

I'm relatively healthcare-limited these days and any docs visits will cost me. Do I need to go in? Prescribed antibioticsWeek 8 here. Just spoke to my gp and she gave me some erythromycin. She couldn't rule out covid since I've had symptoms on and off for 8 weeks. I guess we'll find out whether my respiratory symptoms are a secondary infection at least. Need to get the same for my dad, even though his symptoms are not overtly as severe. Week 7 - feel like I can’t talk about it around loved onesI’m on week 7 of SOB, chest pains, fatigue etc. I had been doing a bit better then ran some errands and relapsed. I know about the studies coming out about CFS, heart issues etc. I try to stay positive but when I express to my husband or family that I’m worried this could potentially stay with me forever or have lasting health consequences they tell me “You can’t think like that.” or they just shut down. It’s hard because it makes me feel really isolated. 

I also found out my coworkers at the spa I worked at have been secretly taking clients during our mandated shut down (Florida) and now are talking about reopening next week. It feels like a slap in the face because if they believed what I was telling them about this disease they wouldn’t be acting so irresponsibly. At least, that’s what you would think.

Anyway, I’m at least glad that I have ways, like this platform, to communicate with people who are going through the same and understand what it’s like. Would an inhaler help with shortness of breath?Trying to get some work done from home and the shortness of breath is driving me mad.

It's not too bad, I just feel like no air is going in when I breath and that my throat is closed up. Feels like someone is pressing on my chest. I also sometimes get numb feet and hands. Sometimes I have more shallow breathing, depends of the day I guess. Also have chest pains. 

7 weeks from first symptoms and SOB wasn't this bad before. I just want to be able to go back to work so would an inhaler help? Vent. Frustration on Day 36: felt great. Light exercise = lungs burning.I (36f)  was feeling really good. Not light headed, fatigued and no lung symptoms.  Im getting frustrated because any activity is wearing me out and im gaining weight (even on keto) since this started. I rode my recumbent exercise bike  for 15 minutes or so thinking its the lightest activity possible. Itll be fine. About 10 min after my lungs were on fire and it lasted until this morning.  SpO² was okay though. 95% 

Albuterol inhaler helped for a short bursts. I guess im mostly frustrated because i will feel guilt and gross. I have a telehealth appointment this afternoon.  My dr said some activity was good but it sure feels terrible. Queens- Testing locations?I’m presumed positive by a doc since 4/22. I’m finally fever free for 3 days. Where can I go to get the antibody test and test to make sure I’m negative? I’m in Fresh Meadows/Kew Gardens Besides the grave ones and the really light ones, the 4 - 12+ weeks cases never show up and say: "I'm completely done with it." Long-term sufferers - did any of you get healthy again? How long did it take? How did you notice? Buzzing ears and a tense/locked jaw/extra salivating?So I am on week 6 and a half, still fatigued, minor fever and the ears buzzing and a tense jaw, anyone else experience this? Still symptomatic after two negative tests. Anyone else?I'm 32, living in NYC, and have been symptomatic since 3/30 (so on Day 37).

Symptoms (shortness of breath, low grade fever and chills, chest pain / burning / tightness, fatigue, loss of smell and taste) were at their most severe between days 1 and 15, however I have continued to cycle through shortness of breath, occasional low grade fever, rib / chest / abdominal pains.

In the past two weeks I've had two covid tests, an EKG monitor and chest x-ray. Negative on all of the tests, and vitals looked good.

Has anyone else continued to have symptoms, even after getting multiple negative tests? If so, what has your medical assessment been? My doctor thinks that symptoms mean infection - but after 37 days and two negative tests, I kinda doubt I'm still shedding the virus. But looking for any info that might help me understand why symptoms continue to persist. Some kind of post viral syndrome maybe? 31M, Mild Case, Day 54, 98% recovered. I logged everything.Hello!

First of all, this sub has been a great comforter, I was able to cross check several times with the experiences of others and this kept myself sane, level-headed and calm.

Here is my case, please feel free to share this information if it helps, and feel free to ask for more.

**Background:**

I started self-quarantine on March 06 as my sister arrived from Milan to visit me for my bday. She traveled from Milan to Bergamo by bus and from there took a flight here. There was people coughing on the plane (including an air steward).

She took the best precautions she could while traveling, wore a mask the whole trip, in the end we believe the mistake was either bad use of the mask or that I hugged her as we met on her arrival to the airport. Its possible I got infected first and then I infected her, given the timeline, but we still have several theories.

on March 09 Italy closed, and on March 12 the emergency situation started here. We had been in quarantine since before anyway. First symptom for me started on March 13. My sister had no symptoms until a day she felt breathless (March 18, day 14 of her travel, she described it as a panic attack or anxiety). She had it for a couple of days and then felt better and showed no more symptoms since.

I called my doctor on March 19, explained everything and our symptoms. She said it was a clear suspect case given the circumstances. We were to keep full quarantine 14 days, and call an ambulance if the breathing got worse. No test as we were not in any risk group and at that time only those at risk or at the ER were being tested. Things have changed now and I'm waiting for the antibody testing as they will test everyone here for antibodies at one point.

My case was wavy like many people here. I took no medicine whatsoever, only supplemented Vitamin D (100ug every other day) and took a daily multivitamin. My last respiratory symptom was on April 22. I felt 100% recovered between waves and went out walking 2 hours (same mistake like many here) which prompted the second wave.

Worst days were day 6, 7, 10, 31, and 32. In that order also from worse to meh.

[I logged everything I could.](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1dhTq4X0Rbq1t3xbBimlWhhM_f-LpS53C01yxtU6f5n0/edit?usp=sharing) That is a Google Sheets with every single measurement I could trying to be as detailed as possible. Its not the best design but it gave me a lot of visibility of my health status and development, I recommend everybody with symptoms to do this if they are not already.

**Some legends to the data:**

* "BOT" was my first way to check my oxygen/breathing, I vaguely remember it meaning something breathless baseline or similar from a YouTube video which I cant find anymore. Its just breathing normal and then suspend breathing after a normal exhalation, counting time until you feel the urge to breathe again. It was helpful until I got a pulse oximeter.
* "Hold" is the amount of time I was able to hold my breath after a big inspiration.
* Rating is the subjective feeling of the day, its a scale of 0 to 5 (from "called ambulance" to "had a great day")
* You'll find "bb" somewhere in the symptoms, its short for "blue balls", I had it a couple of times (once each wave) and it sucked.

**Some extra observations:**

* Fever was taken under tongue at least 3 times a day during waves, I never felt feverish. Rest of measurements is once at evening.
* Every single time I over did it on the sugar I felt worse.
* Caffeine made me feel pretty bad on the first wave, but was helpful on the second wave.
* Hot showers and inhaling vapor helped a lot, was relaxing and made breathing easier. I used to do this back when asthma, along with coffee to help breathing. Vapor was also recommended by the doctor.
* On nights of day 7 and 8 I felt like I was going to pass out when I was drifting to sleep, this was the point where I prepared my stuff and backpack in case I needed to go to ER.
* Sometimes I felt a very marked SoB with 98% PaO2, and other times I was doing my routine check to find myself at 95% PaO2 without feeling any SoB.
* I noticed my toenails going blueish at points where I felt weird, and getting back to pink after doing some deep inhalations.
* Airway clearing exercise that was posted here made me feel very good a couple of times and helped when I felt SoB. It was also during this exercise that I noticed the pulse oximeter show 99%

**Extra data about me:**

* Overweight and Childhood Asthma (last attack I was 7yrs old).
* Rarely get sick, but, I caught a flu on December, completely different as it lasted 2 days only and had a week of thick nasty yellow phlegm. After that ended, around mid February I started getting urticaria in my arms/legs after meals and was in the process of getting that checked when the pandemic started. The urticaria is accompanied with GI issues every time, reflux which is very uncommon for me. During the first wave and recovery it disappeared completely. I've had it again a couple of times, it sucks.
* I had been doing Intermittent Fasting 16:4 and hitting the Gym pretty good before all of this started. During first wave I kept IF until the point that I felt a lot of hunger and decided to follow my cravings to help my body, kept off food that causes inflammation as much as I could but cookies cheered me up. I'm easing back into IF again.
* I only measured my weight at beginning, middle and end: started at \[March 1: 86.40kg, 29%BF, 57.4%MM\], then \[April 19: 79.1kg, 28.9%BF, 52.5%MM\] and just before posting this \[78.90kg, 28.9%BF, 52.3%MM\]. Seems like I've lost both fat and muscle, (a lot), probably fighting this thing off mixed with healthier eating and cutting off alcohol. Haven't moved much since and I feel it, looking forward to the gym/pool.

That's about it, I hope this info helps! UPDATE DAY 56: Doctor prescribed Albuterol inhaler for chest/lung pain, seems to be helping.UPDATE: had a relapse five days ago that floored me. Chest pain lung pain. Just went in to get a test and the test was negative. Getting an antibody test in a few hours. Doctor prescribed an albuterol inhaler and said I likely had some lung damage due to covid. Thus far it seems to be helping lessen my lung and chest pain.

ORIG POST: Hey everyone! me and my wife both got corona symptoms on March 5 and 6 respectively. Quarantined immediately. My wife is a professional dancer, and I'm a daily exerciser. In reading what felt like all of the internet, until this board I realized that there didn't seem to be a lot being said about what it felt like to be sick, and that complicated our feelings about our own recovery. Should we still be feeling sick? Do we go to the ER? Are there even tests available? Is this even a symptom? Breaking out our symptoms for those who want a roadmap of what it has looked like for us. For the duration we've abstained from any and all alcohol. At the time of our symptoms outset, no tests were being given for people who had non-contact. 

DAY 1 and 2-- slight fever. chills. body ache. (oh shit, quarantine) 

DAY 3-7 - fever gone, but fatigue, sore back of throat. type of days where getting off the couch to get your own water felt like running a marathon.

DAY 8 - Add Gastrointestinal problems and abdominal pain to my symptoms. Talk to my physician cousin via facetime. He says, this sounds like COVID. stay put, monitor.

DAY 12 - here's where it got scary. chest pain and lightness of breath. began the solid week of "Do we get a test? Oh none available, emergency room?!". shortage of tests still happening (HOW?!) Our decision hinged on being able to consult with cousin physician. We took the trio of heart rate (below 100 bpm resting), breath rate (below 30 breaths per minute resting) and temperature (no fever). Oximeter would've been helpful but they're sold out here. But basically, our operating theory was, if we're not sure if they'll admit us into the hospital, then it is best to stay home and spare us and them the additional exposure and overload. 

DAY 17 - my gastroproblems are gone. thank god. 

DAY 19 - signs recovery for my wife... she starts light computer work, trying to train. i myself am feeling better. i'm able to sit AT my computer instead of the couch or bed. 

DAY 20 - just kidding, relapse for me. back to the couch. the fatigue feels overwhelming. i try to explain it to my cousin physician-- it feels like there's a soft, dull, sickness, behind my eyes and just in my blood and every breath. 

DAY 22 - my wife is starting her cycle. for one day, she takes her ibuprofen, before i catch her and switch her to tylenol. It's enough to where our resumed in mask dog walks (live in a private area) around the block felt like it might floor us. 

DAY 25 - i'm slowly getting better, but my wife appears to have completely new symptoms. this starts a week where every time she stands, she gets light-headed to the verge of passing out. DAY 28 - wife on verge of tears because of the duration of the illness, chest pain and acute back pain. said her symptoms felt different than her first fights. finally see a doctor at urgent care, because ERs slammed. Her oximeter says she has full 99% oxygen. vitals are strong. But a weird thing, when she stands up or down, her heart rate shoots from her normal resting of 60 bpm, to over 125 bpm. Anything more than a 30 bpm jump is considered abnormal. The poor urgent care doctor tries to diagnose her in addition to COVID with virally induced POTS or Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome. They're not administering tests except in the emergency room. I know about that syndrome and for a dancer who spends her life getting up and down from the floor, that seems highly unlikely. My wife points out that it seems, that doctors really don't have experience dealing with this. We decide that we're safe enough to not go to the ER, and that this is likely due to COVID. 

DAY 30 - turning point. wife feels like the illness has moved down her body. Pain moved to her ribs. Im able to do light housework and stretching.

DAY 31- tried a light 45 stretch class on instagram live. Absolutely floored me. Had to go to sleep after. Still having fatigue and a weird feeling in my chest. 

DAY 33 - both of us can have full but inactive days aka computer work actually able to do chores. was able to walk a mile and a half. still feel it, the inability to have endurance or any well of strength. Anyway, thanks for reading. Hang in there. We're going to keep taking care of ourselves. We hope you do the same. 

UPDATE: DAY 37- wife has relapse of chest pain. Decide to urgent care physician. She presumes us both positive, but no tests available.

DAY 38 Successfully went on a jog. Didn't feel bad during but...

DAY 39- 41 Lung pain and chest pain returned. Obviously too much too soon. 

DAY 44 Able to resume daily dog walks, wife able to make it through light ballet class 

DAY 45 Instead of cardio tried light weight work. Didn’t seem to affect covid, walks getting longer. Getting stronger. 

DAY 48 Wife has weird pain behind both of her knees. Gets checked out by a doctor to make sure not a clotting issue. 

DAY 50 split a beer. Doing light work outs, pull ups pushups etc. trying to not to get heart rate too high. 

DAY 51 Celebrated anniversary too vigorously too many times 

DAY 52 fatigue and weakness returned, a lot more couch lying than desk work.

DAY 53 full melt down. Unable to leave couch 

DAY 54 Feeling slightly better but wanting to rule out any infections on top of covid symptoms. Accessible testing available in my area. Consult with doctor via videoconference. Drive thru testing sight. The testing is super efficient and quick. Less than 5 minutes Nose swab and then opt into a clinical trial testing extra alternative swabs for the cause (apparently they’re running out of the primary use swabs) 

DAY 55 tears come back negative. Heading into appointment for doctor follow up and antibody test soon. Wife taking a moderated ballet class. Doctor says that a LOT of presumed COVID patients are getting new infections on top of their old infections. Administers blood antibody test.

DAY 56 Last night was hell. Chills, fever, whole nine. Got on the video phone with the doctor. Said to hang in there with tylenol and mucinex. Says i likely have something on top of what i had before because of a weakened immune system.

Sorry for a little bit of the repost, but added the hopefully new and relevant info about the inhaler and antibody test, and fixed the terrible formatting of the last post. Sweaty feet... anyone else?29M no underlying conditions and previously healthy and active.

I've had symptoms for 53 days, coming in waves, but throughout the ordeal I've had one constant:

1) Sweaty soles of my feet.

2) Night sweats, particularly if I eat too much sugar

I'm someone that previously would never break into a sweat, even during exercise so this is very abnormal. Anyone else have this? CrackingHas anyone bones been cracking more especially with the amount of body aches this includes? Do I have it?I went to Walmart with a face mask 2 days ago and I felt mostly fine. I have gotten some headaches but I don’t know if that’s from staring at my phone all day long, because I have strained my eyes. Then today I fell asleep and woke up with a dry throat, and I feel tired. I feel really anxious. I took my temperature and I don’t have a fever. Covid19 smell loss recovery timeline:I lost my smell due to covid19 in early March, as presumed by my doctor and health agency. Below you can find my timeline so far. Can anybody relate? 
Note: I am giving in percentages, but since smell strength is such an subjectieve concept, these are relative to my perception of how it was before. 

Week 0 - 0%
Lost sense of smell completely. 
I could not smell ammonia, bleach, perfume.

Week 1 - 0%
No change.

Week 2 - 5%
Started to smell very, very faint whiffs of things like coffee and tooth paste. Not sure if these whiffs are imaginative or real. 

Week 3 - 10%
Whiffs are increasing in strength. Definently not imaginative anymore. 

Week 4 - 40%
Regained a larger portion of my smell. Started smell training, but this had a very negative effect on my mental state. Stopped after a week with smell training.

Week 5 - 80%
Same increase as previous week. 

Week 6/7 - 80%
No clearly noticable change in sense of smell. Smell strength fluctuated day to day (decrease/increase) 

Today - 80%
Currently I am om 80%. I still have trouble to register room/body smells, and smells from a distance. I can smell strong-smelling items clearly when I am up close. 

Hoping to increase my smell to 100% in the upcoming weeks/months. Antibody test negative. What gives? Was it in my head?Hi there. I started suffering from Covid like symptoms at the beginning of April and had a zoom appointment with my doctor, and was diagnosed with likely Covid19. And I have to say, it was the roughest illness I have ever had and I was considering going to the ER more than once because I was so short of breath that I was getting very dizzy and I was afraid of suffocating in my sleep. 

While I never did develop a fever, my other symptoms included 

- very dry cough that still lingers to this day, was so bad that I had to use an inhaler
- gastrointestinal distress, food and drink that I used to have no issue with gave me, well, distress
- extreme fatigue on the worst days, I slept like 16 hours one day, but that could have been the z-pac I started taking
- chest tightness and pressure, like someone was sitting on my chest and I could not take a full breath 
- lower back pain
- headache
- swollen lymph nodes

I was sure I had it. I haven’t had to use an inhaler since I was a kid and had severe asthma. My husband took care of me and my 1 year old daughter for nearly 3 weeks.

My doctor offered me an antibody test a few days ago, and now it has come back negative. It was the one where they draw your blood and you get the results over email within a few days. I know none of you are doctors, but I can’t get it out of my head that I really didn’t have it, when I told my work and close family that I had the virus, I feel like a big liar and I’m still at risk. I almost wish I had never taken the test because I still would have practiced social distancing but maybe I placebo’d myself into making myself worse. I don’t know. Argh! Day 47 - Coronavirus out? Impact on cardiac health?Hi all,

I wanted to share an update from my case. I got the results from my test (nose swab), and it came back negative, without much surprise (it was taken on day 41). My symptoms are still there (fatigue, fever, oppression in the chest, headaches), although they seem to be diminishing slowly. I am wondering if this means that the virus is out of my body? Or if it just means it is not as active anymore, or was a false negative or something? They are not doing antibodies tests in my area, and my GP is pretty sure that I had (have?) indeed the coronavirus.

The only things that worry me now are the weird chest pains (mostly on the left side, not moving, and wakes me up at night), did any of you suffer from that one too? Do you know what are the signs that the virus had impact on your heart? For a bit of background, cardiac disease runs high in my family, so I am slightly anxious about them.

But anyway, keeping my fingers crossed that this is just my anxiety expressing itself and that I will be perfectly fine in a couple of days or a week or so. When that happens at least I'll know the virus is completely out!

Best wishes to you all and thanks for reading my post. Normal bloodwork COVID symptomsHello everyone, I hope y’all are doing well! 
I started with having very bad heart palpitations about 23 days ago! A few days after that I started to feel dizzy or off balance as if I was being pushed in one direction. I also had a low grade fever that would go in the hundreds a few times but usually would stay low grade (99.7) the highest my temperature went was 102. I went to the hospital for my heart palpitations and they said everything was fine but to monitor it. (These palpitations lasted for a while.) for the past 23 days I’ve been having body aches like crazy. No cough just the fever and sometimes a itchy throat. Recently the chest pressure has been unbearable and I was also feeling pain in my upper back the chest pressure was very noticeable especially when I’m about to go to sleep or laying down. I went to the hospital again for this, my blood work came back normal, the took a ct scan and ekg! They diagnosed me with tachycardia which is crazy because I honestly was unaware that my heart was beating that fast. Now I’m on my 23rd day and my heart is still beating fast and I’m still having body aches. Since my blood work came back fine I am starting to wonder if this is even COVID .... Is lost voice a sign of coronavirus?Hey so i’m 23 years old and have had a lowgrade fever and dry cough for a few days now...my voice has been gradually weakening and I woke up this morning with most of my voice gone. I video conferenced with my doctor on Saturday and he told me to just self isolate for now and to assume that I have the virus (I don’t have the means of transportation to get tested right now). I haven’t heard of laryngitis being a symptom of covid but have any of you experienced this? Did/does anyone get a 'white' mucusy tongue during Covid waves?During attacks of throat/lung mucus congestion which I'm sure many of you have experienced, have you noticed your tongue going whiter than usual?

This first happened on day 6-7 and I've had it happen again in waves on day 20 and then day 40. 27 days and I am worriedMy symptoms started of with heart palpitations after having heart palpitations, I went to the doctor for this and they said everything was fine! (EKG and bloodwork and chest X-ray was fine) I started to feel dizzy (off balance and swaying)  and ran a low grade fever. My body felt completely weak and I was not in the mood to do much despite me trying to be. I always wanted to be in my bed! I lost my appetite completely I’d try to eat but just couldn’t. I was drinking water like crazy and had one pedialyte and a few gatorades. My legs felt weak, my body was shaking, I could NOT sleep I also was getting jerks when I tried to sleep so I said okay this is anxiety despite me never experiencing anxiety like this. (I also work at a grocery store btw) the off balance feeling was everyday standing up or laying down. My chest has also had a weird pressure to it. My legs were tingling bad. After a few days of this mess I called my doctor and he said I should be self isolating and that it’s weird for it to be anything but COVID because flu season isn’t here anymore. It has been 23 days with most of these symptoms. Throughout I have to say my nose has been very dry and I somewhat feel like I can’t hear as well as I use to. Honestly everything is just dry. A few days ago the chest tightness was unbearable and i was experiencing upper back pain around where I think my kidneys are. I went to the hospital. (It still feels like same but the doctor said that everything looked fine.) I was experiencing tachycardia when I was at the hospital. (Got ct scan, blood work, and ekg) 
I’m starting to wonder if this is really COVID but staying safe since my doctor thinks it is. He told me I can’t go back to work until 7 days of no symptoms. 

I’ve been around my family but no one is showing symptoms. My mom did have weird hives though. My brother has experienced chest tightness a bit. 

Another big thing is I’ve had insane dreams since this has started 

Anyways came here to ask if anyone can relate to me and how you are dealing with this! Day 30 of low grade fever[removed] Had symptoms for over 6 weeks now. Lump in throat feeling which is not going.[removed] Nosebleed?Hi guys - Day 52 here and still have some lingering symptoms. Mostly low grade fever and off and on shortness of breath. I’m sitting here at my computer and I just got a bit of a nose bleed. Nothing crazy, I wiped my nose and there was a little blood and then there was some dry and some wet blood in my nose when I cleaned up with a tissue. Not a ton of blood but I’ve never had a nose bleed before. Anything to worry about? Anybody had them with COVID? Does anything think covid is chronic. Do people recover?How long does this stay in your system? 
I’ve heard 12 weeks max Heavy Anxiety is what’s left, from what it seemsIt’s been since April 20th since I had the virus and honestly I don’t feel any symptoms anymore, but what’s seems to be left with me is anxiety at all times. 

I’m 23 from New York and I’ve never suffered from anxiety. I feel nervous all the time and once I’m in my head it gets worse. I just want to feel normal again. Nurse prescribed me to .5 Xanax but I really don’t want to take it cause I know how addictive those can be, I don’t even want to get into that, I’m afraid Mx 

I had a week to where I couldn’t sleep cause of heart palpitations and it only raised my anxiety and I was exhausted. I’ve feel like I’ve gotten more sleep with melatonin and NyQuil here and there and I hope to progress. 

What my mind keeps thinking about is having and anxiety attack like I think I  did last week. As I was starting to feel better , I feel to have had an attack but I don’t know if that was the virus or anxiety.  I feel like if I get better that episode will come again 

What do you guys advise ? Any recommendations?  

I noticed talking neutralizes the feeling , past few days I’ve been getting sleep and I’ve woken up with slight improvement , but as the day progresses it eases back. I feel a lot of it is mental Anyone else with almost-periodic bouts of shortness of breath for multiple weeks?I'm at day 42. My main symptom is recurrent shortness of breath, at rest, without any effort. But it doesn't really come in multi-day "waves", like I've read from others on here. Rather, it comes up for a bit less than a day, oscillating between "annoying" and "gasping for air", and then it goes away for a similar period (a day or less). And then it starts again!

I'm asking: has anyone experience something like this, from Covid or from anything else (anxiety? asthma? allergies?) At this stage I'd be happy with any explanation, as long as it helps me find out how to get rid of it!

In between these periods, I have totally different symptoms - bouts of sore throat and tingling/burning nose, and occasional cough. I also have occasional chest pains a diarrhea, but these are all very mild and tolerable. The shortness of breath is completely debilitating - especially when it comes at night!

Tested negative 9 days into the symptoms from the Abbott PCR test at a drive-through, but the doctor and the nurse practitioner both told me it was likely Covid anyway. UPDATE: DAY 55... symptoms still lingeringUPDATE: had a relapse five days ago that floored me. Chest pain lung pain. Just went in to get a test and the test was negative. Getting an antibody test in a few hours.

Hey everyone! me and my wife both got corona symptoms on March 5 and 6 respectively. Quarantined immediately. My wife is a professional dancer, and I'm a daily exerciser. In reading what felt like all of the internet, until this board I realized that there didn't seem to be a lot being said about what it felt like to be sick, and that complicated our feelings about our own recovery. Should we still be feeling sick? Do we go to the ER? Are there even tests available? Is this even a symptom?
Breaking out our symptoms for those who want a roadmap of what it has looked like for us. For the duration we've abstained from any and all alcohol. At the time of our symptoms outset, no tests were being given for people who had non-contact.
DAY 1 and 2-- slight fever. chills. body ache. (oh shit, quarantine)
DAY 3-7 - fever gone, but fatigue, sore back of throat. type of days where getting off the couch to get your own water felt like running a marathon.
DAY 8 - Add Gastrointestinal problems and abdominal pain to my symptoms. Talk to my physician cousin via facetime. He says, this sounds like COVID. stay put, monitor.
DAY 12 - here's where it got scary. chest pain and lightness of breath. began the solid week of "Do we get a test? Oh none available, emergency room?!". shortage of tests still happening (HOW?!)
Our decision hinged on being able to consult with cousin physician. We took the trio of heart rate (below 100 bpm resting), breath rate (below 30 breaths per minute resting) and temperature (no fever). Oximeter would've been helpful but they're sold out here. But basically, our operating theory was, if we're not sure if they'll admit us into the hospital, then it is best to stay home and spare us and them the additional exposure and overload.
DAY 17 - my gastroproblems are gone. thank god.
DAY 19 - signs recovery for my wife... she starts light computer work, trying to train. i myself am feeling better. i'm able to sit AT my computer instead of the couch or bed.
DAY 20 - just kidding, relapse for me. back to the couch. the fatigue feels overwhelming. i try to explain it to my cousin physician-- it feels like there's a soft, dull, sickness, behind my eyes and just in my blood and every breath.
DAY 22 - my wife is starting her cycle. for one day, she takes her ibuprofen, before i catch her and switch her to tylenol. It's enough to where our resumed in mask dog walks (live in a private area) around the block felt like it might floor us.
DAY 25 - i'm slowly getting better, but my wife appears to have completely new symptoms. this starts a week where every time she stands, she gets light-headed to the verge of passing out.
DAY 28 - wife on verge of tears because of the duration of the illness, chest pain and acute back pain. said her symptoms felt different than her first fights. finally see a doctor at urgent care, because ERs slammed. Her oximeter says she has full 99% oxygen. vitals are strong. But a weird thing, when she stands up or down, her heart rate shoots from her normal resting of 60 bpm, to over 125 bpm. Anything more than a 30 bpm jump is considered abnormal.
The poor urgent care doctor tries to diagnose her in addition to COVID with virally induced POTS or Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome. They're not administering tests except in the emergency room. I know about that syndrome and for a dancer who spends her life getting up and down from the floor, that seems highly unlikely. My wife points out that it seems, that doctors really don't have experience dealing with this. We decide that we're safe enough to not go to the ER, and that this is likely due to COVID.
DAY 30 - turning point. wife feels like the illness has moved down her body. Pain moved to her ribs. Im able to do light housework and stretching.
DAY 31- tried a light 45 stretch class on instagram live. Absolutely floored me. Had to go to sleep after. Still having fatigue and a weird feeling in my chest.
DAY 33 - both of us can have full but inactive days aka computer work actually able to do chores. was able to walk a mile and a half. still feel it, the inability to have endurance or any well of strength.
Anyway, thanks for reading. Hang in there. We're going to keep taking care of ourselves. We hope you do the same.
DAY 37- wife has relapse of chest pain. Decide to urgent care physician. She presumes us both positive, but no tests available.
DAY 38 Successfully went on a jog.
DAY 39- 41 Lung pain and chest pain returned. Obviously too much too soon 
DAY 44 Able to resume daily dog walks, wife able to make it through light ballet class
DAY 45 Instead of cardio tried light weight work. Didn’t seem to affect covid, walks getting longer. Getting stronger.
DAY 48 Wife has weird pain behind both of her knees. Gets checked out by a doctor to make sure not a clotting issue.
DAY 50 split a beer. Doing light work outs, pull ups pushups etc. trying to not to get heart rate too high.
DAY 51 Celebrated anniversary too vigorously too many times
DAY 52 fatigue and weakness returned 
DAY 53 full melt down. Unable to leave couch
DAY 54 Feeling slightly better but wanting to rule out any infections on top of covid symptoms. Accessible testing available in my area. Consult with doctor via videoconference. Drive thru testing sight. The testing is super efficient and quick. Less than 5 minutes Nose swab and then opt into a clinical trial testing extra alternative swabs for the cause (apparently they’re running out of the primary use swabs)
DAY 55 tears come back negative. Heading into appointment for doctor follow up and antibody test soon. Wife taking a moderated ballet class Here is a 100% legal website where you can have a licensed physician prescribe hydroxychloroquineI was tested today. Having swollen lymph nodes in neck sore throat and diarrhea, I live in VA and you need to be hospitalized to have hydroxychloroquine prescribed, which defeats the purpose of treating the infection early. I saw on Twitter there is a doctor who made a website where a licensed physician that has been licensed in YOUR state.. will have a teledoc appointment over the phone with you and hear your symptoms, they will call in a prescription of hydroxychloroquine and Azithromycin to a pharmacy that is able to fill it, then it will be shipped to your front door within 24 hours. 100% legal. If you don’t believe it’s legit, you can look up on Twitter Dr Jerome Corsi and he has a video talking about the website. I believe the video is on the linked website as well. Take care everyone!! 


[Here it is ](https://corsination.com/covid-19/) Has anyone had strange neurological symptoms too (besides the lack of smell/taste)?[removed] Someone give me hopeI (20f) presumably have coronavirus, despite testing negative, since I live in a household where both my brother and dad tested positive. I am on day 22 of symptoms and I have consistently had a fever of 99.7 to 100 everyday. Please someone give me hope that this is going to go away soon. I have never had a fever for so long. Everyone in my house recovered except me. This is taking a toll on my mental health. Negative Antibody Test when I had all the symptoms[removed] Need help[removed] Week 4 of confusion, frustration, and a cough that just won't quitI thought I would finally get on here and tell my story.

I am in Central Illinois where Covid cases have been rising dramatically in the past week. This all started for me on April 3rd when I contacted my doctor out of fear of Covid due to my heart condition. I attempted to escape to southern Illinois to my parents house but as an "essential employee" was only allowed two weeks off work. When I returned to work, literally one day later, I presented with a 103 fever and a nasty phlegm producing cough. I couldn't breathe. I immediately got tested for Coronavirus at the only clinic in town that would allow it. (no anti-body tests were available at this time). The hospital refused to see me and I was doing everything via telehealth at that time. They placed me on an inhaler which I found odd. I hadn't had an asthma attack in 20+ years. Those asthma attacks were bad. I was placed on oxygen once when I almost died in the car on the way to the hospital when I was in junior high. The doctor on the phone let me know that childhood asthma has been coming back for patients with covid-19. I had to drive 20 miles outside of town at this point to find a thermometer when mine broke. 

Sure enough, three days later, I presented with asthma that morning and needed to hit the inhaler. 

Then the confusion started. I was out of work for a week more (2.5 weeks at this point) and needed to go back. My test came back NEGATIVE from the clinic for Covid. I was shocked and immediately went back to work cautiously. At this time, my job (I work in leasing) decided to close to the public, but my coworkers and vendors still had to be in our small enclosed office together for hours at a time. Our office is literally the size of a medium sized living room. Our corporate office, although promising in EMAIL, never provided us gloves, hand sanitizer, or even hand soap. They operate remotely out of Pennsylvania. (They still haven't, we had to buy it ourselves). We took it upon ourselves to not work on Saturdays anymore and adjusted our own rules in house, including no more in person viewings of apartments, and no more tenants allowed to come into the office, except for move-ins. 

When I returned to work, I felt great for a week. In this time I broke up with my ex and was forced to move into my own apartment. I had to visit 5 stores in the matter of 4 hours on that day, and the entire time I was paranoid. I had to sleep on my coworker's couch for that week and she had thrown a get together was 8 people in the house, completely non-nonchalant about the entire Covid situation. I was furious about it, but couldn't do much because I had run out of money to get a hotel room at that time. I kept my mouth shut. 

By April 18th I moved everything into my apartment by myself except big furniture (that I still haven't bought) and noticed I was having a hard time breathing going up the stairs, that day was so bad, and the next morning in my  new apartment alone, I awoke completely unable to breathe with a fever of 101. I was weak, every joint in my body hurt, and I missed that day of work as well. I looked in the mirror and my normally olive toned complexion was pale as a ghost and I had the darkest circles under my eyes I had ever seen. I had a Pulse Oximeter shipped to me after doing some research online that day about silent Hypoxia. 

Our office were all given a covert ultimatum from our corporate office that if anyone took off anymore unplanned work we would be in trouble. I went to work anyway the next day when my fever went down and have been to work ever since. 

Every morning since the 18th the tele-health doctors have placed me on several different medications including more Albuterol, Mucinex, Zyrtec, Flonaze, two cortosteroids, free Nicotine patches to stop smoking and I take otc tylenol. I went to the clinic once, where a heavily PPE'd nurse listened to my lungs and stated that my left lung has severe bronchitis "on the verge of pneumonia" and that the asthma was making it all worse. I was informed to take my inhaler more often. I asked her if I had coronavirus while tears were pouring down my cheeks and her answer was, 

"Probably, but we can't be sure. I work with patients everyday, I could have it, but we just don't know. The test you took, at that time, was only 60% accurate. Your asthma will kill you before Covid does. So let's get that under control" Mind you, again, I hadn't had an asthma attack since 1998 when I was 12 years old. She stated to me "Its a common misconception to think that childhood asthma goes away. It never does, sometimes it takes a severe illness or lung trauma to bring it back, and like in you, it did. The mixture of seasonal allergies, a virus you have, and the bronchitis brought it back. The virus may or may  not be Covid-19"

 They linked me up with a Covid symptom hotline, where they call me at 4pm everyday and find out how I'm doing. I am presumed positive by 2 different doctors at this point. They will not give me a note to get out of work, and I'm still ill. The hospital considers you to be "non-infectious" 3 days after the resolution of a fever. The fever I had spiked one last time last Saturday, and I hope that is the end of it. There are so many different "weak points" in my mind where I could have caught the virus in the past month, who knows. I am presumed positive and am at some point this week going to get an antibody test done. My childhood asthma is back for what looks like permanently (I hope that isn't true), and GOOD NEWS, I quit smoking in all of this mess, because the thought of a cigarette scares the hell out of me. The mucus I am producing is so thick in the mornings that I have to take the hottest shower possible and take a full Mucinex pill or I wouldn't be able to walk to the car for work. I have lost 10 pounds and of course, my dramatic ex wants to me to take him back after he broke up with me while I was going through the worse flu I've had in years. 

One of our maintenance techs was placed in the hospital with liver and kidney failure three days ago out of the blue for no reason and the hospital never tested him for Covid. They stabilized him quickly, had to return to work TODAY still sick, on light duty. I fear he will be back in the hospital by tomorrow. Our property manager took 10 weeks off to "be with her kids" when she took a job in Chicago and sent her kids to live with family members, and our maintenance supervisor quit unexpectedly last week and here me and my fellow leasing agent/Friend are still chugging away in the office with lingering coughs and I still have severe mucus build in my upper airways. When I get my anti-body test done, I will let everyone know here, but this has been a hell of a ride and I want off the train.

If I come back negative for the anti-bodies, I am going to literally scream WTF out-loud. Days 32-39: a recovery!!My history is in my previous posts but I wanted to give people some hope that recovery is possible! I was in the ER on day 30, as I was having such bad SOB. On day 32 I felt a little better and since then every day has been a better day! 

I’m feeling cautiously optimistic. I’m able to move around the house more easily and go for walks. After weeks of struggle, where each incremental gain was quickly lost the next day, I am surprised each day to see my recovery continue and my breathing become more normal. It seems to even be speeding up. I pushed myself a little hard doing housework yesterday and then rested in the afternoon, but am fine today. 

One thing I thought was interesting - I’ve always suffered from sinus issues, and during this sickness, while I woke up feeling SO crappy, my nasal passages were unusually clear. This past week I’m waking up with a blocked nose again! I’m hoping that’s a signal that the virus has really given, and my other ailments can return! Also I did start taking zinc and vitamin C around the time my recovery started, but I don’t think it’s related. 

Don’t give up hope! You might feel crappy beginning week 5 of sickness but find yourself on a recovery path beginning week 6! Things can turn quickly for the positive! Day 37 - is there hope for me? Those who recovered after long cases, please share your experience29F here, no previous health conditions.

The only fever I got was 37.6-37.9 for 2 days at the end of March. 

The symptoms I’ve had but they are gone now:
- some coughing 
- upper back/neck pain 
-fatigue (I mostly feel fine now with standard levels of energy)
-fits of “feeling weird” (dizzy and all over off) followed by intense shaking 
-palpitations 

The symptoms I still have:

- shortness of breath: at some point I thought it was gone, but then it came back..it’s not like I’m gasping for air, it just feels like every breath I take doesn’t give as much oxygen as it normally would 
- some chest pressure 
- mucus - it feels like it’s not in my lungs, but somewhere between my nose and throat 
- GI issues (unusually gassy sometimes +a lot of burping, some loose stools)
- sometimes feeling heat in my face 
- yesterday I got nasty herpes on my lip
- weird pains in my chest and back here and there, not long-lasting

At this point I’m mentally exhausted. I don’t know if it will be over some day. I’ve never been sick for so long. I’m not the same person I used to be - happy, bubbly and chatty. I cry several times a day - it’s just really scary to be sick with something no one knows how to cure..

Have anyone here completely recovered after such long cases? Should I expect more symptoms to come? What helped you get through this? Question for others with a similar case. Day ok, symptom night, repeat. Now symptoms night, day ok.Day 3 was scariest.  Besides that, just an hour or more of virus doing it’s thing in one area.  2 nights ago, mucus ear jaw teeth.

Last night it cycled through all my symptoms I’ve had, all over body.  Feel okish today, worse than yesterday.  Fatigue.

I’m worried the virus will overwhelm my body if I get all my issues to continue to increase all over.  It’s like it had to put out 10 small fires for 10 to 15 mins.

Anybody have this type of progression?  Looking for some anxiety relief.

I also tested yesterday, but my doctor said presume I am positive. Day 59 - Feeling a lot better, 2 symptoms still remain that let me know the virus is still in me. I'm frustrated.I started feeling symptoms the first week of March. I guess I could be classified as a "mild" case. This virus is extremely persistent though. I went through a crazy rollercoaster of symptoms and I had everything from shortness of breath to severe GI issues. I experienced most if the symptoms that people talk about in this forum. It has been the scariest 2 months of my entire life. I am planning on sharing my entire story soon.

At this point, on day 59, most symptoms have resolved... but I still have a few things going on that let's me know that the virus is still active in me.

1- Eye issues. When I wake up in the morning my left eye is always red and I get a lot crusties on that eye only (sorry for the TMI). It gets blurry throughout the day too. 

2 - Lymph node pain.The ymph nodes around my neck and collarbone area still hurt. They are not swollen, but they are sore and painful at times. It's really bothersome.

Other than thst, I'm okay. My heart rate is higher than usual, some times I have aches and pains but it's nothing compared to a month ago.

If those two symptoms would go away then I could finally believe that I am recovering. The thing is, those symptoms show me that the virus is still alive and well. I don't understand why my body hasn't killed this virus yet. It's driving me crazy. I just want to feel like my normal self!!! Why is this taking so damn long? Covid19 RollercoasterOn March 16 I got my first symptoms: burning eyes, body aches, constricted breathing, brain fog, low grade fever. The next day my husband experienced his: burning eyes, head ache, body and joint aches, brain fog, sore throat, coughing. Over the course of about a week I could add head ache, sore throat, coughing, conjunctivitis, intense sweating, and an asthmatic response. My husband could add the conjunctivitis, a soaking sweating as well as loss of smell. Neither of us ever experienced anything than more of a low grade fever, though. We saw and talked with Doctors. The flu was ruled out. Pneumonia was ruled out. There were not enough Covid19 tests for either of us to be tested. After about a week a Doctor on the Covid line told me to presume I was positive. After about 2 weeks or so it seemed we were starting to get better. At about day 12 or 13 though, due to my history of having had allergy induced asthma (which had not been problematic for years) I was tested. It came back negative.  My asthma got much worse. Coughing got much worse. Then, when the inhaler failed to provide relief I was prescribed a nebulizer. When the nebulizer failed to provide relief I was prescribed a steroid inhaler. When the steroid stopped working effectively I was sent to a respiratory clinic and an X-ray determined that I had developed a large hernia that was pressing on my lung (probably due to the coughing). No signs of pneumonia, though, which was relieving.  Still, a few days later, “miraculously”, we felt well! We had some days of really feeling well again and thought we were over this thing. As far as the hernia, through doing manipulation exercises it was actually moved back into place. Things really started to feel like we were done with this whole ordeal. Then, it was beyond frustrating when the day came when we felt we were relapsing...sore throats, conjunctivitis, terrible fatigue, sweating was back. We have since been on this rollercoaster ride of ups and feeling hopeful and so much better and wrenching downs feeling rebounds of symptoms of primarily sore throat, conjunctivitis, fatigue, intense sweating. It is maddening how this thing just hasn’t let go of us. We will probably be tested for antibodies at some time and are hopeful that we might be loaded with them after all of this. 
I am very grateful for this group. It had been awful to feel “what is wrong with us?! Nobody else is having this much trouble!”  And worse, not even been certain to what extent we were being believed. I am sorry that for some of us this is such a beast. But, I do believe that we will beat it down in the end. My mom is going on 6 weeks of a fever. This is scaryMy mom is 58 and in good health. She has a normal BMI, blood pressure, no pre-existing conditions etc. She got sick at the end of March. It started with losing her smell. Then a low grade fever. She’s had all the classic symptoms relatively mildly. The cough has gone away and chest tightness has persisted, but it’s now very minimal. But the fever. She’s had a non-stop 99-100 degree fever for almost a month and a half. Her doctor had her tested for covid, but only recently so the doctor thinks that’s why it came back negative. Her blood work is normal including inflammation markers. They put her on an antibiotic just in case she had a secondary infection and it didn’t change anything. The fever really makes her feel like crap and it’s going on so long. I’m just hoping she gets better soon. You don’t hear about a fever being this persistent for this long. Has anyone else? After she is symptom free her doctor is going to get her antibody tested because she is so certain she has it. Journal.Guess I thought I’d start a journal on here, many of these posts have been helpful in what to expect.  Doctor presumed positive yesterday.

I believe I am just finishing up day....6 or 7.  I’ll say 7 because it makes me feel better.

First week symptoms include: fizzing, stabbing pains in different parts of my body and felt heart attack.  Er said it was ok.  Odd dreams, breathing trouble, nausea, diarrhea, dry heave, maybe minor fever cough, burning throat/scratchy throat, ear ache, muscle twitches, weakness, fatigue , left eye pain, body pains(left arm pit, etc) tooth pain, neuropathy, fast heart beat.  Think that’s about everything, it all comes and goes besides fatigue.  I hope week 2 and 3 are ok!  My presentation of symptoms has me a bit worried, only in week one.  Wish me luck!  Have a good Sunday, god bless! SneezingDoes anyone else sneeze infrequently, but when they do, it brings relief for multiple symptoms at once? Weird. Would an inhaler help with shortness of breath?[removed] Random heart rate spikes and neck/face pressure.Background

31M
Symptom Duration : 52 days 
No known prior health issues 

Most of my symptoms have cleared up and overall I’ve been feeling better however I have two symptoms that persists and have been troubling me. 

First is elevated heart rate (will hit the 90s) but more specifically my heart rate will randomly spike to 130+ from time to time, almost always when I’m at rest, doing nothing at all. Is this common? It doesn’t feel like a panic attack, I have no sense of dread or worry. I’m usually totally chill before it happens. 

Second, I feel a weird “pressure” in my neck face and ears. Specifically, it feels like the lymph nodes under my jaw are swollen alongside a persistent tension in my neck. It almost feels like I’m wearing a tight scarf and the pressure extends up into the ears. The best way I can describe it is imagine the blood pressure higher in your head than your body. It feels slightly like I’m bent over and then blood rushes to your head. That same feeling. This feeling is greatly enhanced when I have the above referenced heart rate spike. Feels like the throat closes up a bit as well. 

Anyone else having these issues? Okay I just want to help out for my fellow "Do I really have the virus or not?" folks.Im a foreign student studying in the UK. Since the UK went into lockdown, I've self isolated myself and only had deliveries and such. Never went out once. 

Everything felt fine until one day suddenly I get a sore throat. Gargled some saltwater and it went away. Again I get it the next day, took some paracetamol cuz apparently ibuprofen does jack shit against this virus. At this point I'm suspecting something but not fully convinced. 

Then I fucked up...
To catch up with Uni work I invited my friend over (who was and is fine btw) and we sat down across the table and did some work. The next day was particularly beautiful so I went for a jog and did some light exercises in the park. 

Then it started happening. My chest felt tight. I couldn't breathe. Sore throat. At this point I'm panicking. Holy shit, do I have the virus? How did I catch it? When did I catch it? 

I had a nasty flu back in February. All of the symptoms matched Covid-19 but my GP told me it wasn't the virus. Again the cases were much lower back then in the UK. Didn't get tested as well. 

But damn the flu almost killed me. Couldn't stop coughing and my taste and smell disappeared for a solid month. Mucus buildup was permanent. High fever gave me insomnia as well. 

Okay now back to the present day. I'm convinced that the flu was actually the virus itself. But due to lack of testing and the general chill atmosphere the UK was portraying, nobody panicked. But now I was. 

Called my GP and he told me to self isolate and get an appointment for testing ASAP. But I couldn't do the latter so I was fucked indefinitely. 

Okay here's the good news to you people who are going through the same scenario, presumably:

I am back home. Left the UK three days ago. Got tested yesterday and it came back negative. I was just feeling anxious about the whole thing and that maybe contributed to my chest and breathing problems. The flu was just a nasty flu thats it. Will get tested again in mid May. Will keep you guys updated. My Mild Covid19 storyHello.  

The antibody test(IgG serology) I got at City MD for free suggested that I have antibodies for SARS-COV-2.  This is not necessarily a true positive nor can I assume I have immunity to reinfection for various reasons.

What were my symptoms?

Headaches starting March 12
Lost smell/taste March 20
Nose and Sinus Inflamed but no mucus or drip whatsoever Normally I get sinusistis often and there of buckets of postnatal drips. Yeah it’s nasty af. I was shocked that my nose was completely blocked but snotless and no clearing of the throat.
Cough- slightly? I used my inhaler more than normal during this time.  
No fever - but the weekend of March 20 I was extremely sleepy.  Not like “oh boy I am tired” like I could not NOT fall asleep and napped on and off. 

My roomates had no symptoms.  A close friend I hang with often had the same symptoms at the same time. 

I took allergra and Sudafed daily bc I believed I had allergies.  I stopped taking these on March 28 when I smelled garlic finally.  I stopped taking these and I was fine.. just the normal pollen Induced itchiness. I haven’t used my inhaler since April 5th or so...

Bio nerds: 
I am also on xolair which blocks IgE, this is regarded by some professionals as “immunosuppressive” however some say it would help with covid19 bc it can block interluekin 3/4 that can produces cytokines. 

I believe I got this disease when I rubbed my eyes on the subway on March 10.  But who knows. 12 years old cough in my face all year long. 

TL;DR:  City MD said I probably had corona-lite
AMA

I am a science nerd and I read medical journals for fun.  I am very in tune with my body and symptoms.  However I am not a doctor or medical so interpret with the appropriate level of skepticism. Starting week 8!Still have annoying GI noise and bloating, a slightly elevated heart rate, and tingling in both my feet. 

This seems like it will NEVER END!! SOB relapse after 6 weeks...what the hell is this?I haven't been tested so of course people may be sceptical, but I had a flu-like illness which turned to shortness of breath after 9-10 days and there's a plausible chain of transmission, also my wife had symptoms at the same time. Doctor certainly thinks it's highly likely.

I've been working under the assumption this is basically a nasty viral pneumonia, and the shortness of breath would just take 6-12 weeks to clear up (based on normal pneumonia recovery length, I'm not a doctor but I know that's pretty common). Personally I've had no other symptoms since day 12 except respiratory (cough and SOB) and everything I'd experienced was consistent with that.

But starting on Friday I started to get worse again. Today I'm having to take extra large breaths about every 3rd breath, and even lying down it's not completely normal. I'd say I'm back to being about 50-75% of where I was at my worse, whereas for the last 2 weeks I'd got back to being about 95% better (only real lingering symptom was a bronchial-sounding cough, and even that seemed to be getting better).

Now...is this consistent with pneumonia, i.e. 10 slow steps forward, about 8 quick ones back, even this far in? Or is something stranger going on with this illness? I just don't understand how lungs that are slowly recovering (but no longer infected, assuming they're not), can relapse to that degree. And the weirdest thing is, my lungs themselves don't feel that tight any more, the cough isn't that bad or anything, I just "need" to breathe extra heavily.

I've noticed my heart rate is up a bit too, which hasn't happened since the first couple of weeks. I'm wondering about heart stuff, which is apparently quite common with Covid.

Thanks everyone for reading anyway. Timeline and List of Symptoms - 26F Presumed PositiveI wanted to write this to help inform anyone who might be in a similar situation. Here’s my timeline from first onset and a list of symptoms. I have not been tested but I was officially diagnosed as positive by a doctor based on my symptoms – she said it’s highly unlikely that I don’t have it. They’re apparently only testing health care workers in my province so I’m not eligible. I just turned 26 and I’m quite healthy and fit with no risk factors. 


April 28: 
Woke up tired and feeling “off” with a slightly sore throat and swollen lymph nodes in my neck. I coughed every now and then but nothing serious. In the evening, I suddenly got *extremely* fatigued – it was difficult to stand up without support. At the same time, I developed severe muscle and joint pain. It was the worst in my lower back and legs. It was weird how rapid the onset was. The pain became so bad that I couldn’t sleep for hours and I also had the chills. I just couldn’t get warm.

April 29: Woke up with the same pain and the feeling that something was wrong. I had a dull headache and this weird pain behind my eyes. I could only look straight ahead; if I moved my eyes in any other direction it was extremely painful. I continued to feel like garbage throughout the day. Then during supper, I suddenly felt quite feverish and when I checked my temperature was 38.6 C/102 F. I called the COVID hotline to see if I could get tested, they said they’d get back to me. My condition kept getting worse from there; the fever, fatigue, and muscle/joint pain was unbearable. I went to lie down and I was unable to even get up to brush my teeth - it literally took me an hour to work up the strength to get back up and I had to hold on to the walls. After that it was basically a blur; I was in and out of sleep in a state of delirium, literally sopping wet with sweat. I’ve never produced that volume of sweat before. Just horrific. 

April 30: Woke up at 5 AM feeling like I’d been hit by a truck, I couldn’t get up to use the bathroom because it took too much effort. Small movements felt insurmountable. I was unable to smell temporarily despite having no congestion. Very weird sensation – luckily my smell came back shortly after. I woke up again at 7 still with a raging fever and with severe pain in my eyes, muscles, and joints - especially my back. I took a Tylenol at 7 and by 8 my symptoms had improved. I could get up fairly easily and my temperature was just below 38 C/100 F. I legitimately thought I was in the clear until the Tylenol wore off 4 hours later. All of my symptoms came back at the same time. This time the Tylenol couldn’t keep the fever down and it stayed at 39 C/102 F for the rest of the day. The room was warm and my skin was burning but I was still freezing. Truly unpleasant. I had another night like the previous night; in and out of sleep and waking up soaked in sweat. I could only sleep about 4 hours.

May 1: I’d woken up and taken a Tylenol in the night so I felt ok when I woke up. As soon as the meds wore off the symptoms came back. My fever stayed between 39-40 C/102-104 F all day. The Tylenol would take it down for a couple of hours but it would come right back up. During the time when it was highest I felt like I was dying; just completely unable to function. I also experienced some shortness of breath and chest tightness and just extreme fatigue. It was just a really tough day. I had a phone appointment with a doctor and I was diagnosed as officially positive - she’s certain I have it based on my symptoms. I was told to pay closest attention to the shortness of breath and chest pain and seek medical attention if they get worse. My throat was pretty sore and I started coughing more than before but still nothing serious. 

May 2: Woke up every hour last night in pain and sweating. Temperature was 39.5 C/103 F at 5 AM so I took a Tylenol and it helped significantly. I developed a weird sharp pain in my upper thigh that hurts a lot when I walk. Otherwise, today I’m able to move around more comfortably and the symptoms aren’t as severe. It could be because I’m taking Tylenol at regular intervals before things have a chance to get bad. My brain is also extremely foggy today and I feel a little dizzy and lightheaded.The eye pain and dull headache is still present - I can still only look straight ahead. The lack of sleep is also getting to me but it’s impossible to sleep properly with such discomfort. 

Overall, I’m very stressed about this diagnosis. I’ve taken the stay at home orders very seriously and I’ve been extremely cautious - I have not set foot in public in over 6 weeks so I really cannot believe I got it. I did not think this was a possibility because I've been so careful. My family members recently went to a grocery store that we later learned had confirmed positive employees so we’re guessing I caught it from them or from something they brought into the house like groceries or a package. Weirdly enough no one else in the house has symptoms, so either they’re positive and asymptomatic or they’ll get sick soon too. Very stressful. 

Taking Tylenol every 4 hours seems to be the key to keeping symptoms at bay so I’ll keep doing this and hope for the best. I really regret reading so many articles about people suddenly dying of strokes or young people without pre-existing conditions dying. What a nightmare. I hope everyone else is coping ok and that you all start feeling better as soon as possible. This virus sucks. 

A list of my symptoms:

* Severe muscle and joint pain, mostly in back, legs, feet, neck

* Intense pain behind eyes, can’t look up, down or to the side. Also burning eyes/feeling of pressure

* Extreme fatigue

* Sustained fever between 38-40 C/100-104 F

* Chills

* Persistent dull headache

* Intermittent shortness of breath and mild chest pain 

* Brief loss of smell

* Mild cough and stuffy nose

* Brain fog, difficulty thinking straight Presumed positive but not sure where to go from here.[removed] Does anyone have sharp muscular pain, like a pinch, that comes and goes?I’ve gone through a pretty bad reactivation and I’m out the other side but I’m tired all the time and there’s a sharp pinch that comes and goes in different muscles. In my forearm just now, yesterday thigh, calves. Day 40[removed] A month and counting: those with extra long COVID-19, please share what helps you!29F here, no previous health conditions.

On March 29th I got real bad back and neck stiffness, then on March 30th I got feverish (37.6-37.9), the fever lasted 2 days. Since then my symptoms include: 
-some coughing (especially in the morning, it disappeared about 2 weeks ago)
-pressure in my chest (constant pressure disappeared about 2 weeks ago though it still re-emerges sometimes)
-upper back/neck pain (real pain disappeared about a week ago, though some stiffness remains)
-shortness of breath (it comes it goes: as I’m typing this I definitely feel NOT ok with my breath)
-GI issues (unusually gassy sometimes + A LOT of burping)
-fatigue - it comes and goes as well: one minute I feel perfectly fine, and the next minute I feel exhausted
- some chills
- sometimes feeling heat in my face (no other ways to explain it-it’s kinda like the thing a city dweller feels after spending the whole day in the countryside)
-simply not feeling ok sometimes - as if I’m about to faint

The worst thing about all this is having no one to talk to. ER told me that I’m “just nervous”. Now my husband thinks so too. For the first couple of weeks he didn’t leave my side, always worried something really bad may happen to me, which exhausted him mentally. I’ve stopped discussing my symptoms with him since he had a major meltdown. I can’t tell my parents about this as well - I simply can’t put them through it. At first some doctors told me it can be a mild COVID-19 case, now (as so much time has passed) no one believes me, saying it’s just anxiety. So it’s just you, guys. 

I know there’re a lot of people who suffer from this thing for so long as well. Let’s share our experience - how are you coping with it? Is there ANYTHING that actually helped you? Some supplements, vitamins, maybe certain foods? At this point I’m ready to do anything! Severe GI issues and high fever for 6 days...any other folks with similar experiences?My father has been having severe diarrhea, nausea and vomiting for 6 days straight. He is 64 years old and is a previous smoker and has high blood pressure issues. He had to travel for work within our country and has been at home in self isolation for over a week now. His fever peaks at 102 and has consistently been at 100-102 range when not on tylenol. He has been absolutely beaten down by this, complete exhaustion, barely can speak for more than a minute or so and sleeps for hours and hours a day. At the onset of fever, he has sever chills and full body aches -- his voice shakes and can barely speak. Received a negative on the IgG antibody test and we have STILL not received results for the COVID19 diagnostic test that he took 5 days ago. Given his symptoms, his doctor gave a presumed diagnosis of COVID-19. 

He has a minor infrequent cough and no other respiratory symptoms. Consistently his oxygen levels have been at 97%-98% via a pulse oximeter. We have been trying to make sure he is replenishing his electrolytes with Gatorade, Pedialyte, and non-dairy Glucerna/Ensure. He is struggling to eat any solid food. 

Has anyone experienced similar symptoms and can offer any additional information or suggestions for when to hospitalize? Any help or advice is greatly appreciated, thank you. Sharing an apartment presumed positiveHey guys, I want to start this out by stating that we haven't been tested, but were calling a spade a spade and assuming we are both positive. My girlfriend can't taste anything and has a low grade fever and sore throat. I've got a bit of a sore throat and a on again off again headache. This started on either Tuesday or Wednesday. We are both in our 20s so we will be just fine, I was just wondering if anyone knew if viral load could be an issue with us both living in the same apartment right now. its a 1 bedroom, 1 bath, so there isn't really a way for us to section ourselves off from each other. Apparently PositiveFirst of all, I'm so glad this sub exists.  The quarantine isolation was bad enough, but now that I'm sick, it's lonelier than ever. 

I'm 42M.  I have an underlying heart condition- arrhythmias.  I've been paranoid about catching the coronavirus  ever since I first heard about it, so I was social distancing to the max- staying home, ordering everything in, quarantining packages, washing groceries.  Then on Tuesday, I have a tachycardia attack.  The worst one in 10 years.  I couldn't breathe.  I was turning blue.  I couldn't talk.  I was on the verge of passing out.  So I had to call 911.  The paramedics offered me a mask, but I couldn't wear it because I couldn't even breathe without a mask, let alone with one.  The emergency room was packed with covid cases.  The halls were lined with them.  I was sharing a bathroom with them, and airspace.  When I stabilized, I did put a mask on, but even the masks aren't 100% airtight.  

That was 4 days ago, now I have a fever of 100.4.  I told my doctor, and he thinks I might be covid positive.  I'm just waiting to see if he can get me tested.  If not, I may go to the National Guard's testing facility. 

Being a pretty anxious dude under normal circumstances, if the virus doesn't kill me, the anxiety will.  

I'm not old, but I'm not young.  I'm not obese, but I'm the furthest thing from fit.  I don't smoke.  Rarely drink.  But I do have the underlying heart condition.  Anyone know what I can expect?  The range of symptoms, and their severity, is just crazy with this virus.  

Thanks for listening. 7 weeks and I’m debating if I go to the hospital or not. Will more exposure possibly make me worse? or the fact that I’ve already had this for 7 weeks mean it doesn’t matter ?This is driving me mad. I just can’t find enough evidence either way. I still feel crap, sometimes better but by this point I need to get some more tests done. Day 17. My relationship to food has changed.My story is best summed up as this: I began having a dry cough and lost sense of smell / taste around two weeks ago. Docs said it was a good possibility that it was COVID, but there was no way to safely test me. With this, I also had persistent GI issues and shortness of breath. I was completely lightheaded, and felt as if I couldn’t do something as simple as walk to the kitchen without feeling as though I was taking in extra air. Complete vertigo came on as well.

I’m 22F, BMI 39, and about 5’7.


It’s been a good 16 days since the initial onset of a dry cough. While that and generally feeling awful cleared up around day 8, I’ve noticed that symptoms generally come on / back with certain foods. If I drink coffee, no matter how regularly I drink it, I become an anxious mess. I took a break from coffee for a while, drank a cup in the morning for three days when I began to feel better, and the result was always the same. When I cut coffee out, my anxiety left.

I’ve also noticed that eating foods with carbs tend to trigger symptoms. I had a couple of heavy meals this weekend, and now I am paying the price for it with persistent gas and waking up in a bit of a sweat. I got extremely scared when I woke up sweating this morning - I thought I developed a fever. I woke up with my temperature at baseline. I still have chills and GI troubles.

Anyone else’s relation to food completely change after the virus? Presumed positive yesterday. Test tomorrow. Question on how to know what day we are on?i gather that days 7 - 14 are the big days.  I’ve had odd leg pain on and off for... I’m not sure, a little while.  Still do now, but more severe, so would that mean I’m already in my second week, or do you count from when you got sick?  I’m either on dat 6(clearly sick) or day 13.

I know this hardly matters just nervous.  Wife still hasn’t showed any symptoms yet, so I am very thankful for that.  Hope everybody is enjoying their Sunday, G-d bless. Covid with leg blood clot[removed] Based on what you’ve experienced what will may days ahead look like? (Not asking for doctor advice)Monday April 27. 
Slept all day 
Mildly sore and achey
Mild cough
No fever

28th
Slept all day
Felt very sore and achey in neck and shoulders
Mild nausea 
Mild Cough
Mild headache
Sweats 
Temp 99.4
Post nasal drip

29th 
More sore and achey than previous days (7/10 pain) and getting worse
Moderate cough &amp; getting worse 
Severe headache
Post nasal drip
Dizzy
Extremely tired 
No fever (97.7 @ 9AM)

30th
Severe body aches. Unable to move my neck without pain. (8/10)
Nausea 
Headache
Slept all day and still tired
Weak

May 1st 
Cough is back.
Body less sore but still 5/10
Hands and limbs feel cold and sweaty
Neck pain 
Severe tiredness Tired of everythingI’ve been dealing with symptoms for 4 weeks now despite testing being negative 
I’m tired of the morning phlegm 
I’m tired of the GI issues
I’m tired of the fatigue
I’m tired of the muscle pains  
I’m tired of the new dizziness 
I’m tired of feeling like shit
I’ve had no good days 
The only upside is that I lost my fever 
But symptoms go on and on and on 
I’m becoming suicidal
I want to end my life 
There is no one I can relate to 
I feel lost Ibuprofen during recoveryHi!

I'm on day 51 of symptoms. It's getting better every day but I'm just annoyed  at still having symptoms (tightness in chest, muscle pain). Also I can't wait to get back to running since running for me helps anxiety and stress, and it's the worst period of the year to not be able to relax.

I've read in many places that this is related to inflammation. I was wondering are there any studies of ibuprofen during recovery? I've heard that it's bad to take when you have COVID, but if I have post viral inflammation, could it help? Has anyone taken ibuprofen during recovery? In my 7th week and I’m still on and off ill. I saw people weeks ago on here say they had hit 7 weeks. How are you feeling now? And those that I see getting to this stage now, how are you feeling? I really need to hear from others.Right now I still have a kind of brain fog, I occasionally I have mild SOB, my heart feels weird at times, tho I don’t seem to be getting a racing heart as much as I was a few weeks ago, I almost feel a sort weakness in my chest at times, blurry vision, very mild nausea and chills occasionally, feeling slightly weak overall at times. Yesterday evening my upper back pain came back and chest tightened again. It’s now improved again. 

These symptoms still come and go and while some symptoms have improved greatly and others have cleared up Im not back to normal. Does anyone else’s heart pound?So does anyone else’s heart start pounding in their chest when they get up? I’ve only been getting up to get food/drinks and use the bathroom and I’m out of breath and my heart goes crazy. Anyone else experiencing this? (21F). Everyone with persistent symptoms many weeks in please read this article[https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/may/01/lingering-and-painful-long-and-unclear-road-to-coronavirus-recovery-long-lasting-symptoms](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/may/01/lingering-and-painful-long-and-unclear-road-to-coronavirus-recovery-long-lasting-symptoms) If you tested positive, with no symptoms at all. Could you start getting them later? F23 with symptoms for 56 days now. Last week has been hell with constant low grade fevers and cough. I'm afraid I will never be well again. Doctors have no idea what to do[removed] Mild Symptoms- Getting Tested[removed] My fiance tested positive and I'm sick tooMy fiance started to feel sick April 23rd. Initial symptoms were sinus congestion, achiness, skin sensitivity, headache, low grade fever.  Then I started to feel sick about 3 days later.  He lost his sense of smell and taste on Monday.  So we both had tele dr appointments and were both advised to get tested due to the symptoms and that he had coworkers who tested positive.

He was tested Tuesday, results came back positive Wednesday.  I was tested Monday at a different facility.  No results yet but it's obvious I have it and my dr said assume I’m positive.  I'm female 43. He's 37. So far it's mild like a cold.  
Headache, tired, nasal congestion but with the extra fun of no sense of smell or taste.

Not the sickest we’ve ever been but I know that can change.  Oddly enough I’m not worried.

Have a pulse oximeter.  Oxygen is consistently 98 or higher for both of us.  No fevers anymore. He’s coughing more than I am but the cough isn’t even that awful.

We are hoping it doesn’t get worse.  Not much else to report. Stabbing Pains?Is anyone else experiencing really sharp stabbing pains? I got tested on Tuesday and don’t have results yet. I’ve had low fevers for the past week accompanied by headaches and body aches. Up until recently, the body aches felt more like muscle soreness. Now, I’ve started having awful stabbing pains in my upper body. I just spent 6 hours in the ER with stabbing chest, neck, arm and upper back pains just to be told that my heart and lungs look fine and that this is probably just another COVID thing. Anyone else have this?? I feel like everyone thought I was insane and making things up. But my pain is extremely real and it’s driving me insane. Symptoms off and on since mid-MarchI originally got sick in mid-March. There were no tests in my county at the time, so my doctor assumed it was Covid as I tested negative for flu and strep.

I had a dry cough, body aches, fever, chest pain, dizziness, and difficulty breathing. After two weeks, I felt better.

Since then, I have at least 3 days out of the week where I’m suddenly sick again. Wake up with a sore throat, body aches, occasional fever, chest pain, dry cough...  Am I still sick after this long? 

I can likely get tested at this point, but is it worth it? Can mild case last this long with off and on symptoms? Or is my immune system just weakened now and I am catching every little cold that goes around? Day 49- feeling better!Just wanted to say that at 7 weeks in I’m starting to feel like a human again. I still have a low fever, but it’s not constant like it’s been for most of the time I’ve been ill. My breathing is much better- I only needed my inhaler once today. I even took a tiny walk today! This is the thing I’m most excited about because I live in Brooklyn and I was very scared to go outside. It’s almost impossible to stay a safe distance apart from people on the street and there are still people out without masks and smoking. I was even able to do some cleaning up in the kitchen just now! My temperature went up briefly but I’m ok otherwise. 

My biggest issue now is major fatigue. I’m sleeping tons, I guess because my body is now in repair mode instead of fight mode- at least that’s what I’m hoping. 

I really hope I’m getting better now. And I hope that I can give you hope if you’re still in the throes of this awful virus. It’s been a terrible 7 weeks and the scariest thing I’ve ever dealt with- and I’ve had a lot of health issues. But it seems like it does get better! So I will keep resting, drinking tons of water and trying to go outside. Hang in there if you’re still fighting! Got a pretty weird “rash” and symptoms. My results were supposed to be ready today but they will be ready until tomorrow. Should I worry?Hello! I just want to get some reassurance if I should start looking for a plan B on several plans that actually were going to start this month.

I’m working from home since 2 months ago so I haven’t been going out as frequent as usual. I just leave my house to go to the store and do shopping or receive a delivery arriving to my house.

About around Monday I noticed like a “rash” on my leg, it didn’t hurt or was itchy, I just noticed that it was really red. I got a little bit concerned since I’m pretty allergic and it was completely different from the rashes I have had all my life.

That rash started turning purple and bigger, so on Wednesday my dad said that he was going to take me the next day to the hospital so I could get that rash checked and treated, and it was going to be fine.

I started Thursday as normal as usual but a terrible headache started, then earache and when I noticed I had 39 degrees of fever and a pretty sore throat. I was getting some paracetamol for the fever and my pains and I managed myself to finish my shift.

As soon as my shift was over, my mom run with me to the hospital. I explained that I had a weird rash which was my main reason of getting there. The nurse took my signs and I was at that moment over 38 degrees of fever but I could get down 39.

The nurse told me to wait outside for a doctor to call me, then a couple of minutes later she called me inside again and I was guided to like a “secret area” in where everyone was wearing lots of personal protection gear. 

A doctor came and she explained that she was going to check on me to know if I needed to get the Covid-19 test or if she had to send me antibiotics. She examined me and my ears and throat didn’t show any sign of a bacterial infection. So I got some blood tests to discard a bacterial infection and it actually happened!! So the doctor said that she wasn’t going to send me antibiotics and we proceed with taking the sample for my Covid-19 test.

I had to wait and I got some injections for my pain, the pharmacy prepared my medicines (basically more paracetamol) to take home and I was told that I had to be completely isolated in my room until today when the results should be ready.

Around 3pm at the time I was told that my results will be ready, I called the hospital to know if they were ready and to confirm my email address for getting the results and sending everything to my insurance. And I was told then that my results will be ready until SATURDAY in the afternoon.

I’m not worried at all about being sick, what worries me is that I need to know if I should consider other things, but my biggest worry is that I am supposed to start Uni in 1 week and classes will be online meanwhile, government let my university give classes inside their building. But if I’m infected then I will have to consider another university and 100% virtual classes to don’t expose anyone of getting infected too.

Thanks so much for all your comments!! 

I’m a 24 years old female &amp; living in San Jose, Costa Rica :) My wife is slowly feeling better. Doctor just prescribed her methylprednisolone.Wife 23 has had up and downs with now a steady improvement from her symptoms. Her body aches have almost disappeared she still gets bad headaches and sore throat that comes and goes. Her shortness of breath has gotten better with her not needing her inhaler at nights. Our doctor just prescribed her methylprednisolone we are a little nervous on her taking it because Monday she tried taking Montelukast and she felt her throat closing up. 

Anyone else taking Methylprednisolone? I neeeeed good sleepDay 11 cannot sleep for the past few days.  Heart says no every time I doze off.  Like Heart palpitations. It’s like it jumps or skips , which just keeps me up. 

High amount of sweats here and there. When I do get some sleep, it’s like a light sleep, for a few hours. (Anyone else?) 

Any strategies, methods, things to take ?  It’s midday and I’m just tired Trouble breathingHello,

I have an odd scenario, I have some days where I have a really hard time breathing and other days where I’m fine, I have body aches and diarrhea. My dr refuses to see me cause I don’t have enough of the symptoms and no high fever. I requested chest X-rays but they won’t do it cause there are days where I can breathe normally with no issues. This has been going on for 3 wks. Breathing is hard at nights especially sometimes. Any advice please thank you. Post Viral Fatigue[removed] Do I still have covid?The fever went away week 3
But I’m still continuing symptoms into week 4 such as malaise, muscle pain, morning phlegm, GI issues, sore throat, dizziness and worsening fatigue. 
I had blood work and an x ray done. All clear. 

I’m very confused if this is still covid or post viral messing me up I am a 26 YO F, otherwise healthy, have had symptoms for about 1.5 months and starting to feel like the universe is gaslighting me.First, I want to say I was tested on March 14 (feels like 84 years ago) after showcasing mild symptoms for about 3-4 days at that point. I was around someone who had been on a cruise, so that’s why they tested me. I tested negative, but my doctor and I agree I likely have it and just tested too early in the intubation period. 

I literally wasn’t worried when I first thought I had it because I kept seeing “2 weeks to recover” everywhere and thought oh, this’ll be over in 2 weeks. Was I ever wrong. 

It’s been 1.5 months and my symptoms have still lingered. I honestly don’t even believe the good days I have anymore because I know the next day the symptoms will be back. 

The weird thing is I never really got “sick.” Like when you think of someone out with the flu or cold, I haven’t been like that at all. I haven’t slipped into a fever at all this whole time. I’ve had hay fever/allergic episodes that have had me I it worse.

These are the symptoms I have been having and I’m hoping someone here can relate or tell me they’re exploding this too because I’m frikin going insane. I’m sick, but not. Ya know? 

I’ve had: 

- a sporadic dry cough. It was definitely suppressible and I would never go into hacking fits or anything. The cough is all but gone now, but there’s a lingering urge to clear my throat. 

- Heaviness in my chest, worse when I was lying down. It almost felt like my chest is caving in sometimes. 

- labored breathing. STILL have this. It’s hard to say if it’s getting worse or better because it’s been so up and down. And like I said, I never really peaked (I hate this word) with a single worst day, so it’s hard to tell if it’s getting better. It’s not getting worse. So there’s that. 

- everything is SO dry. Everything from my nasal cavities to my airways just feels there absolutely zero moisture. I can hear and feel the air goingi down my nasal cavity and/or throat. It also makes this whoosh/wheez sound like there’s too much friction 

- this breathlessness feel to everything. I don’t know how else to explain it. Like it doesn’t feel like the air I’m breathing in is getting as much O2 in me. 

- I have to take this deep breath every few minutes just to fill my lungs with good oxygen. 

-barely any mucus or phlegm at all. But my nose still feels stuffed with pressure, which makes it hard to smell. 

- diarrhea the first few days, that has gone away. 

-terrible acid reflux/heart burn that a awful the first couple of weeks but kind of comes and goes now. 

-upper back pain, neck pain and pretty bad stiffness.  Shoulder blade area is achy. This has actually gotten worse the past week. I looked this symptom up and it said lung cancer and now I’m not going to look anything else up anymore. 

-heart palpitations at the most random time. I’ll simply turn over in bed and my heart will just start pounding so loud...it honestly feels louder and slower, but it might be louder and quicker can’t tell. Couple of times my heart actually skipped a beat. 

- wheezing. I think most of that noise is when I’m breathing in through my nose and I can feel that noise in my nose, but there’s definitely a little breathing in through my mouth too. 


Honestly I just feel like I’m going crazy at this point. I never really “fell ill.” It’s like am I or am I not sick? How much of this is anxiety? Some may consider my case a “mild” case, but it’s going on two months now and I’m losing sight of the light at the end of the tunnel. I’m worried about permanent damage now, and that’s not helping. I miss when I wouldn’t give a second thought to breathing. Now I’m monitoring everything about my breathing. And the getting better and then worse and then better with no rhyme or reason? I can’t deal with that for much longer. I feel like I’m getting gaslit. 

Sorry for the rant. Just found this sub and it’s already helped me so I just wanted to share my story. Hang in there guys. Article about pneumonia &amp; how long it can last[removed] Anyone else have that weird numbing feeling and annoying psychological symptoms like constant fatigue and brain fog?Just what I’ve been feeling the past few days Mid 50s M (presumed), 36 days of symptomsI am glad to have found this sub. My symptoms started March 13 and finally ended April 17. I was very active and almost never got sick. Never experienced anything like it. I called my doctor and asked for a test 3 times, but was not sick enough. Doctor thought I might have it, but told me to stay at home unless I got much worse.

It started with 5 days of tightness/coldness in upper chest that came went throughout the day, not constant.

Days 5-10 were the scariest, tightness/coldness in upper chest all day, could not get full breath. Fatigued, throat sore, drinking carbonated beverages felt like heartburn. I actually packed a hospital bag in case I took a sudden turn for the worse, but thankfully didn't. Hot baths helped my breathing.

Days 11-20, was back to the tightness/coldness in upper chest that came went throughout the day, but was breathing a little easier. Still fatigued.

Day 21 No symptoms! Felt good.

Days 22-23 Back to chest tightness, breathing not 100%. Started to get worried again.

Days 24-25 Chest tightness went away, breathing not 100%.

Day 26 No symptoms!

Day 27 Went on 1 mile run, took 2 hours to recover.

Days 28-35 General fatigue, breathing OK.

Day 36 Went on 11 mile hike, felt normal for the first time.

I do have some anxiety and I still don't know if any of my symptoms were exaggerated or in my head. I feel a little less crazy seeing that many others also have long periods of symptoms that come and go. Has anyone had as long as two weeks before relapsing?30/m. No underlying heath conditions. Average weight/height and reasonabpy fit.

27/3 - the first symptom was total anosmia.

28-31 - several days of fatigue, fever, general pain and chest tightness.

After two weeks of general malaise, low grade fever, lots of GI issues/noise, I felt fine around the 14th and remained so for almost two weeks.

Just woke up today like I'd been hit by a truck. Drenched in sweat, tremors, chest pain, crazy fatigue. So gutted to be ill again. The Lung Pain during healing is one of the most frustrating things ever to me.I got sick on March 4th. 
This was before regular peeps stuck at home could be tested. I was the sickest I had ever been for three weeks. 
They assumed it was bronchitis  because in my small town doctors eyes it could never be the virus. 

I remained sick into april but not super sick, cough, low grade fever and fatigue.  

The lung pain after coughing or trying to human or eat was/is awful. 

Finally a week ago I got tested but it was negative. My doctor feels I still had the virus but now I am healing from the damage. ( my spouse also got just as sick and is healing as well) 

How is everything dealing with trying to live life but not push themselves?

I puttered around in the garden for 2 hours, nothing strenuous but last night the pain I felt in my lungs was crazy. I had to drug myself to sleep. 

I have two puffers. A steroid one and a regular one. 

It's just frustrating now because if I do nothing then I am fine but if I clean the house , exercise, anything that exerts myself it feels like its making it worse but I am so sick of being a couch potato lol 

This virus is crazy. Post COVID Brain Fog - Is anything helping?Hello all.  I had a reasonably mild case of what my doc is presuming as COVID (i'm in NY and testing was limited when I went through the worst of it) and after my 3 week or so battle I've been mostly back to normal with the exception of some brain fog, head pressure (not so much a headache) and a light 'tingling' feeling in the tops of my forearms.  I've read about some folks being diagnosed with post viral syndrome/inflammation and am hearing some of the symptoms mirroring what I am going through.

I've been taking Advil which seems to help a little bit and drinking lots of water.  I am curious if anyone has found relief with any other medications, actions, etc that have helped with similar symptoms.

Thanks! Chronic mutationhttps://www.sciencetimes.com/amp/articles/25194/20200403/scientist-discover-chronic-mutation-coronavirus-patient-who-contagious-49-days.htm


I wonder if us long termers have this? 
Does it resolve on its own? Any ideas how long taste and smell can be gone for?I am an essential employee, working for the NYC Patks Department. On March 20th I lost my taste and smell, and my symptoms progressed from there, but I never had a fever. I had deep body aches, a horrible cough that would leave me gasping for breath, could not walk across my apartment without losing my breath, chills, and extreme fatigue. I went to the ER when my breathing got bad, but they didnt admit me because my blood oxygen levels were not low enough. Because I was not admitted, I couldnt get a test. 

I recovered at home and have since gone back to work. However, I have never regained my taste and smell back. What are people experiences with that coming back and how long did it take people to regain those senses?  It's really messing with my mind, making me think it will be this way for ever! What can we do at home to prevent blood clots? A story of recovery: 26M, 5 weeks of symptoms, 1 week freeThis is a story of recovery, after a long and bumpy road. I promised myself I would post when i'd recovered while lurking here when times were bad. 

26 healthy male, not at all overweight, quite sedentary, quit a smoking habit 6 months ago. Presumed positive, but not tested because tests were tight and I'm still a young lad. I have no history of (health) anxiety whatsoever, or any chronic illnesses.  

\---

18 March: mild muscle pains

19-24 March: muscle pain became more severe, often in different locations but mostly around the lower back and upper leg area. Slight fatigue and difficulty concentrating.

25 March: sudden onset of mild respiratory distress, which gradually grew more severe over the course of 6-ish hours to the point where it became difficult for me to speak. Called a doc, visited the ER. Presumed positive diagnosis. I felt completely drained and could barely move. 

26-31 March: The first days after visiting the ER were horrible. I slept 15 hours most days, and was barely awake for the others. No fever, no cough, but a myriad of GI symptoms. Complete lack of hunger. Difficulty breathing gradually started to subside after 28 April.  

1-8 April: Felt mostly recovered, but I still did not feel 100%. Breathing at least was no longer scary. I was still more fatigued and slept 11 hours a day most days. I had intermittent GI symptoms. 

8-14 April: No symptoms, but exercise (mild, e.g. sex) did result in breathlesness which persisted for an hour or so. 

15-18 April: Muscle pains return, exhaustion and GI symptoms, by the 18th I felt much better. 

19-23 April: All symptoms apart from breathing issues returned suddenly, including throat pain as a new symptom. By the 23rd I was basically recovered, but still had some lingering throat pain. 

24 April - 30 April (time of writing), symptom free. Even the fatigue has been completely absent, and i've been able to work, concentrate, and take 3-4km walks without remission or breathlesness.   

\---

My girlfriend who is also a healthy 26yo, with absolutely no history of smoking, is fighting another wave off now, and became symptomatic at the same time as me. She had a slightly more mild case, in the sense that her breathlesness never got as bad as mine. A week may be too early to say that I won't be facing another wave, but I consistantly have normal levels of energy, a healthy appetite, and can concentrate on my work. 

For a long while I was scared, lengthy illness is severely distressing emotionally, and at times I felt desperate. Nothing feels worse than waking up to another day of misery, or waking up fine but being faced with the disappointment of another miserable evening. Our lack of knowledge about this new disease obviously don't help. However things do get better, how quickly they do appears to vary wildly, but they do.

Hang in there peeps, I wish you all a speedy recovery! How long until I can Juul again?I quit my Juul when I started having symptoms 2 months ago, but I think it’s honestly not that bad for you. Mainly wanna hear from those who Juul or smoke, who quit and resumed. Not from those who’ve never done any research about vaping and just say it’s bad. Was sick in February, now my rash is flairing up again.So I had a terrible illness in February, presumably covid with all of the symptoms which ended in a rash across my torso, arms and neck. The symptoms finally went away in late March but today I woke up to a sore throat and my rash has itchy bumps on it again. Has anyone else experienced this? Long(er) term symptoms could be complicated by, or result of, mono reactivation.The Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV, colloquially referred to as "mono") , is dormant in &gt;90% of the US population. It presents as a common cold for kids, so most don't even know they had it. In adults, EBV commonly presents extensive fatigue, fevers, sore throats, headaches, etc., with fatigue often being the most notable symptom - which can last several months. EBV is with us for life, our immune system keeps it in check. Interestingly, the severity of EBV symptoms is well known to be made worse by exercise, which many, many people are reporting here. 

There's evidence our immune fight against covid-19 is causing EBV to reactivate . In fact, &gt;50% of test subjects in this study experienced a reactivation of EBV: [https://www.rese](https://www.researchsquare.com/article/rs-21580/v1)[archsquare.com/article/rs-21580/v1](https://www.researchsquare.com/article/rs-21580/v1). Hopefully we see additional studies, from more credible sources, in the coming weeks.  


While this doesn't explain the lung pain, SOB, cough, etc., it's possible many people are experiencing symptoms in-line with a mono reinfection (endless fatigue, headache, fever), additional to recovery from covid-19 (lung healing/pneumonia recovery symptoms). How much Weight have you lost?I've both been experiencing personally and also Reading about fast weightloss, and takes no genious to figure that fevers, high pulse, lower food/water intake and muscle loss can cause great Weight loss.

I've been sick for 5 weeks, and lost well above 10 pounds, was skinny before and now I'm underweight.

How much Weight did you loose? 

And is there anywhere rapid weightloss is named to be a symptom? Week 6 - my timeline &amp; story.... pulmonary appt on MondayHi everyone,

**I am on Day 48 today and still not recovered.** Wanted to share my story, see if anyone had comments/suggestions, and compare experiences.

Massachusetts, 31 years old, male, 160 lbs

Some chronic GI stuff, but no "at risk" COVID conditions (as far as I know)

**March 10 -** Symptom onset

* Fatigue
* Chest pain / lower throat pain
* Dry cough
* Fever (mid 100's)
* Eye pain

Started a supplement stack:

* Vitamin C &amp; D, Zinc, Turmuric/Curcumin, Quercetin, NAC

Things continued to progress. Around **March 27/28** I debated going to the hospital due to worsening chest pain and the most *brutal* fatigue I have ever experienced. Couldn't even move in bed. So weak.

I finally convinced a doctor to test me.

**March 31** \- COVID swab at drive-through

* NEGATIVE
* Also negative: Flu and strep

My PCP decided to continue treatment as if it's COVID. Due to false negative rates (25%), and the fact that I tested so late in my course (Day 21). Nasal viral loads probably very low at that point.

One other key fact: I already had the Flu back in January (confirmed by swab on Jan 22). 

Based on my symptoms, and ruling out of the Flu, he thinks it's *very unlikely* this is something other than COVID.

**April 6th** \- my fever broke, but chest pain and fatigue remain big issues

* I was prescribed Albuterol inhaler

**April 17th** \- got an x-ray

* NORMAL result
* Ruled out pneumonia, but wondering if I need a CT Scan

**April 19th** \- fatigue started to diminish, energy level coming back

*--- The week of April 19th I felt like I was on the recovery path ---*

**April 22nd** \- started an inhaled steroid (Arnuity) for the residual chest discomfort &amp; inflammation

**April 23rd** \- walk-in antibody test at urgent clinic (via Quest)

* NEGATIVE

This \^ was the shocker. How is everything negative when I feel like I am dying?

Leaves me thinking these options:

1. False negative again
2. No IgG antibodies yet as I'm not recovered (and Quest test is ONLY for IgG)
3. I am seronegative and don't / will not produce antibodies
4. I truly have some other virus

**April 26th** \- fatigue &amp; fever came back with a vengeance. Chest pain is now starting to.

Today, **April 28th**, I discontinued the inhaled steroid in case it's making things worse.

\-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I have an appt with a Pulmonary Specialist on Monday. Has anybody here done that? What should I expect? Any particular questions to ask, or tests to request based on my case?

Some things I have in mind:

* CT Scan
* Lung function tests
* Re-do the antibody test (whichever place includes all IgG, IgA, IgM).
   * I think LabCorp does
* Mono reactivation - had read about this possibly causing long term cases
* Virus panel (sputum) to test for wider array
* Breathing exercises - is there respiratory "physical therapy"?

Thanks for reading! Did any of your symptoms get worse?Those of you experiencing prolonged illness did any of your symptoms get worse? Update - Waiting for test results but feel better - Day 42Hi all,

I am not sure if I am doing the right thing by making a new post (reddit newbie) but wanted to give an update on my situation with some good news: on Day 42 of my symptoms, I actually feel a bit better. Fever has been up and down in waves, I still have mild symptoms, but I feel less exhausted and I think my breathing is better. 

Also wanted to point out an interesting symptom I've had lately: when I have a fever, I tend to be fairly angry and over-hyped, while this is not my natural temper. Usually I notice it myself but still can't calm down, and when I finally go lie down or something the exhaustion quite literally falls on me. 

I was tested yesterday with a nose swab - thankfully I didn't read about the test before because darn that was unpleasant. I sure hope they will never have to test me again. They were supposed to get me the results in 24 hours (legal obligation here) but still have not heard from them. Now I just read that when tests are positives they only send the results to the GP who prescribed the test and they in turn have to contact the patients, so I guess that's my answer. My GP being overly busy I am expecting I'll get their call in the evening or so. Anyway, whatever the results I am more confident now that I can finally breath without struggles, and I know that I will get through this at some point, hopefully without other relapses and without long term damages (not counting a mild stress disorder associated with that virus!).

Just wanted to let you know about this because you've been a great support, and because we need to read about the positive too whether it be temporary or permanent. My thoughts go to all of ye who are still struggling, or who have family struggling - I hope you will get through this. High risk nurse presumed positive but tested neg, partner woke up vomittingI am a nurse who works with COVID patients. Saturday I developed chest heaviness, constriction and burning pain, muscle aches, mild fever and shortness of breath on exertion which lasted til monday. I tested Negative! But my doctor has presumed me positive because of my high risk, symptoms and that up to 30% of tests are false negativss 

Wednesday morning my boyfriend who I live with woke up in middle of night nausea and vomitted thin, watery bile. Bad headache that initially woke him up . Took Tylenol but vomitted it up. This morning he's seemingly normal . 

What is going on? Im especially nervous because according to Ontario public health if I test neg and am symptom free for 48hrs I will go back to work. I'm terrified about spreading it.

I'm going to advocate to have us both tested again. 

Anyone have similar experiences? Big thank you to you all!I just want to thank everyone who has been contributing here! 

I am 33 years old and in my 5th week of what I'm pretty sure is Covid-19 (I have not been tested because testing in Ontario is only for essential workers at the moment). 

My symptoms have never been super serious in that I've only experienced a dry throat, dry eyes, a low-grade fever, loss of energy, and tightness in my chest. Right now, I'm just feeling the dry cough and the chest tightness most days.

I've gone through bouts of extreme frustration just because I'm depending on friends to get groceries for me and walk my dog. I'm very tired of being in my basement apartment. I'd like to see the sun.

But reading posts and comments here about recovery has helped me a lot! They've given me hope. People do recover even though it takes a long time. We can all do it! Patience is key. 

If you need some support, DM me. Thank you, everyone! Presumed positive with false negative(from doctor), then tested negative and doagnosed with bronchitisHello, I (23, F) want to share my experience. So I started becoming symptomatic on March 30th. I woke up very tired and with a low fever. I called out of work and went back to bed. I slept most of the day and developed a cough and shortness of breath. I called my doctor the next day and was sent for testing. The nasal swab was not inserted very far and was on par with a flu swab experience. I was perscribed an antibiotic. The test came back negative, but the doctor (from the test center, not primary care) told me based on my symptoms her presumes I am positive and to quarantine as such. He then perscribed an inhaler.
During my second week I still felt very fatigued. There were two days where I thought I was on the mend with less shortness of breath and less of a cough. Then I started feeling much worse. I felt much more short of breath and tightness in my chest. I follow up with my doctor (primary care) and she dismissed most of my symptoms and said since I was negative and am not in respiratory distress I should being feeling okay and put me on prednisone and symbicort to help with any inflammation that may be in my lungs. 
I took the prednisone and felt no different. My fever increased (100.8) and I was feeling more fatigued. I continued to feel worse and called my doctor back at the start of the third week. She ordered for another covid test at the mobile test center. I went and got teated the next day. This time my nose felt assaulted and the swab felt like it was done correctly based on others experiences with the test. 
The next day my fever startd to increase and continued to increase for a few days. Waking up at 101.3 and going to bed at 102.6. On Saturday, I habe a really bad migraine and feel even weaker than I had been. I feel mlre short of breath than usualm I develop an ear ache and just want to sleep the entire day. My mom sees me and encourages me to go to the ER. I go over and they check me in. The doctor looks up my test results and they were negative. The take a chest X-ray and blood work and they are both fine. They diagnose me with bronchitis ans send me home. No fluids or anything to try and help me feel better whilr in the ER. They send me with a perscription for amoxicillin and teslam pearls (cough reducer). 
So far I have only felt mildly better and it is now 3 days on the antibiotics. My chest still feels tight and I am still running a fever. I still feel fatigued and weak. I have had bronchitis before and it has never felt like this. I

Has anybody else had a similiar experience? Anybody with bronchitis on this sub? I think I got my mom sickHey, lurker here (new account). I got sick and was hospitalized twice with what the doctors say was covid back in the middle of march. Two weeks now I’ve been recovered. But I’ve noticed my mom is showing symptoms, and she’s having a really hard time breathing. 

I first saw her checking her temperature about a week ago. I walked in on her doing it a second time a couple days ago. She looked worried. I’ve noticed she’s been really achey, and she’s had migraines for a week straight (that’s always been a problem- she’s blaming it on her sleep schedule though). I’ve noticed she’s coughing dry, heavy, bellowing coughs every few hours too everyday. I just walked downstairs to her leaning over, trying to catch her breath. She said she’s fine, but she’s very much not. She has a nebulizer by her bed, but I don’t know what to think. 

Is it possible I’ve gotten her infected with it too? I’m not sure what to do about it. We’re very close. I love her a lot. Specific symptoms, but negative testWe took a PCR and an antibody test. Both negative. Our doctor still presumes, we had Covid 19 because of the specific symptoms and the timing of the tests.

Mar 12  
Heavy Diarrhea

Mar 14  
Dry cough

Mar 21  
Short of breath, feeling of pressure on the chest, upper back pain, head ache, fatigue

Mar 23  
Complete loss of smell, near loss of taste (Tried on our spice rack. e.g. Staranise had no odor at all)  
First call to our doctor. She can't test us, because of lack of protective gear. Advises to call the central hotline for testing. Can't get through and don't fall under testing criteria in Germany (Contact to positive persons or travel to high risk areas)

Mar 26  
Testing criteria changed and we get a PCR test.

Mar 31  
Symptom free

Apr 1  
Public health office calls with negative test results. But advises further quarantine, as the test could be faulty. The doctor only collected samples through the mouth and did not reach very far into the throat.  We were also not advised to cough up before the test as is advised in the second week. Also as this was the end of week 2 of symptoms, the reliability of the test is limited.

Apr 14  
Did antibody test. Comes back negative.

Our doctor still thinks, we had it:  
\- PCR test was too late and faulty  
\- Antibody test was too early and tests are still being evaluated  
\- We were vaccinated against influenza and influenza season was already over  
\- She can't think of any other condition with these symptoms especially loss of smell

She advised us to take another antibody test in a few weeks time. Have Been Sick for 2 Months M22A little background about myself to preface this. I am 22 years old, and workout, and play basketball. I eat relatively healthy, and don't get sick very often, before this, it was 2-3 times in the past 4 years that I got sick, and it was something that only lasted a couple days. I will say that I take a few hits every week of a spliff (mix of weed and tobacco) when I'm hanging out with one of my friends. And take a hit or two of weed regularly, I'd say everyother day on average.

It started out Tuesday Feb 25th, and the week prior I had just bought a JUUL, after quitting many times, but I've only cumulatively used it for 4-5 months of my life. I've been teaching myself to code, and living with my parents, who were set to leave that weekend. That timeframe leading up to the Tuesday had been perfect, playing my newly bought xbox, making progress in my lessons, and getting out every now and then to play basketball. No ill effects of the Juul had began to take place yet, i.e. horrible withdrawals.

That Tuesday I went out to play basketball at a local park. The night before my throat had been a little scratchy, which I attributed to the Juul. I played hard with 3 others that I met there for a couple hours, and shared water with one of them, since I hadn't brought my own and the fountains were closed due to it being winter. I decided when I got home that I'd quit my Juul, since I felt that it was making my throat feel dry and scratchy. My whole body was aching when I got home, which I thought was from playing basketball. The Thursday that my parents leave they wake me up to tell me that they're leaving, after I spent a whole night lying awake with an excruciating headache (likely from quitting nicotine) and what was surely a fever (didn't know where the thermometer was at the time to verify, but I had a really warm forehead).

They leave, and suddenly cases are popping up everywhere along the westcoast for the Coronavirus/Covid19. This is the end of Feb/beginning of March. I was spitting up white, foamy phlegm constantly and felt generally weak and lethargic. My nose was also runny. This continued for the first 3-4 days, then my parents got home from visiting my sister who lives in California, me living in Oregon.

When they got back was around the time that I started getting bouts of bad chest tightness and shortness of breath. It even got to the point that at one point I was trying to breathe but my lungs weren't opening all the way, leaving me gasping. Eventually this subsided, and I went to the doctor who told me that my symptoms and timeline match that of Covid, but I was getting better and could go out and run and exercise again. I never really had a cough and I still don't, but I was running a temp of 99.7 3 nights ago, two months later after all of this. My throat still looks red and irritated when I look at it with a camera or flashlight. And I'm still producing mucus and have postnasal drip. I have no idea what to make of this, and don't know where to go from here. I just want to be better already. And I've never had allergies before, but I'm not ruling out that that's what this could be at this point. Virus experience23 from New York. Been having symptoms for about 8 days now. Fever sensation and shortness of breath (tight chest) . 

The weirdest thing is my temperature is not over 100 and my breathing is fine. The tightness of the chest is so piercing tho, sometimes unbearable. (Anyone else?) 

It been the biggest issue. It has also kept me from sleeping at all. Heart palpitations every time I try to doze off. It’s like my heart tells my body no to sleeping every single time. The times that I do get a short amount of sleep (3-4 hours tops) I wake up drenched in sweat. Lack of sleep is driving me nuts 

Any similar experiences? Also anything on what to take for sleep ?